.

modi has new issue swach jal pahunchao abhiyan
modi is best pm of india
marhaba modi. lion roaring soon...
first pics of stage and seating arrangements.
modi in dubai
now why wud you want 100 fdi in rubber amp coffee plantations?
kejri amp aaptards r mourning demise of hameed gul!
shattered amp bruised, they will overcome frustration by abusing modi amp bh
crowd chanting modi!
electrifying atmosphere aka madison sq!
street goon sardesai cant distract d fun
70 thousand people are craving to hear modi in dubai in islamic nation. congi retards told who knows namo outside guj
love jihad amp gay love in one pic. narendra modi will change the regressive india, i am confident.
just b c modi gave solemn assurance these orop guys are escalating the situation.. if like congis he had bluntly said no..
since yesterday i have been thinking and feeling ashamed that it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here pm modi
in gujarat, modi had promissed 50 lakh houses in 5years. only 6000 houses were built till the end of 5 years. modi in d
marhaba modi. lion will be roaring soon.
bumper to bumper traffic to venue
modi doesn t need us. we need modi to restore indias lost pride due to to congis dynasty
imagine tweets of narendra modi 2 years back if indians were dying in cross border firing and mms was going on foreign trips cl
newly added modi woos uae with 1 trillion investments
crowd chanting ! electrifying atmosphere
modi in uae modi in dubai
pm modi on mission dawood in uae.we never heard of such mission in last decade while dawood always existed.now critics kn
modi is best the pm
in a joint statement, rajdeep amp sagarika clarified that it was bad food amp not the modi s visit to a mosque in uae that caused
thats y i said dont outrage so early. clearly designed controversy lutyens media when modi is on a successful visit to uae amp
we have already split. there is a strong lobby 4 arun jaitley from two women in twitter. confused modi bhakts are mostly w
aap delhi govt says modi ji secratly wanted keajari govt come ib.j.p.
people cheering while waiting in lines modi in dubai marhaba namo
pm modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae see more at
land for temple was already donated in 2013. looks like, modi tried to fool the people yet again.!! modi in uae
dear please tell , you get back what you give.
rightly put!
offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to the economic times good play! defense ?
first groups of people to arrive for indian pm event in dubai. chanting modi modi
after dubai grand mosque it is evident that india matters for pm modi not religion or caste. way to go.
it is refreshing to know that the rupee will get stronger at rs.40 per dollar if modi comes to power
the modi sarkar is as spineless as a maggi noodle. it has been neutralised in 2 minutes flat.
thanks to mr. modi all my ungles and aunthies in abu dubhai will finally go to their own temble. thiz iz zimbly zuperb
namo check the dna of some of his party colleagues instead of giving suggestions 2 nitish kumar n other political party
pm modi attacks previous governments in uae, congress hits back modi in uae
point must be taken gt
india for sale. invest your money, let us show it as india s growth, then take bonanza returns back to your country.
pm modi s visit to sheikh zayed mosque in uae will cause heartburn in various cubby holes in lutyens delhi
pm modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae see more at ...
is congress so shameless to open its mouth after creating a mess and ditching nation s protectors on .
ed has stopped investigation of sonia gandhi amp rahul gandhi in national herald case. so, modi has reached some understanding w
marhaba namo in ! the gates will open in 20 minutes! this map and info might help you... modi in dubai
what a shot...
waiting for sickos to say all pride amp ego of modi has immersed into chilled water . past it was communal modi . hypocri
prepares five course 100karat gold dinner for
welcomes indian pm modi with open arms
modiin uae
. writes to , blames ed chief for scuttling probe in national herald case
a renowned person like has to now rely on parody accounts. this is the desperation which modi generates
both modi amp muslims deserve better than viewing his mosque visit as a conciliatory gesture . nails it.
now you are just showing off!
if i was a pm i would be really worried by this letter. most chilling warning till date. read the content.
the naga accord is an example of what modi can do in
modi to uae india has 1 trillion potential, invest in it, reports modi in uae
jan bhagidari of team india under modi govt. has brought unprecedented citizen participation in governance.
today there is a immediate possibility of 1 trillion dollars of investment in india,yes 1 trillion dollars pm modi ji
rofl tweet of the day
pathetic ego trip and self applauding by indian pm modi on foreign soil. he does it everytime.
in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect pupp
dear ji pl don t leave nh case with . it is being sabotaged to let sonia n pappu go free
skill development mission a determined effort to create skilled india pm modi
skill conclave
lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals controversial businessman lalit modi, whose
modi is yet again goes shameful. says he is ashamed tht no pm visited dubai in 34yrs. but without it india 3rd largest trade partner of uae.
watch modi modi chant at abu dhabi mosque siculars please bring burnol to use and keep stock for today and future htt
in 15 months modi travelled to 25 country...
this is why modi govt asking us to give up subsidy... bjp betrays nation
by visiting uae amp sheikh zayed mosque, this is exactly what modi did to adarsh liberals...!
is lalit modi helping sahara chief subrata roy get out of jail? former indian premier league
we can understand your frustration as he has done what could not do while in gov. modi in dubai
congress slams modi for targeting previous govt s on foreign soil india videos
jame masjid of dilli and narendra modi what an interesting shot from today s toi.
modi visits 25 countries in 15 months prime minister narendra modi has visited 25 countries ...
imverma sonaliranade now why wud you want 100 fdi in rubber amp coffee plantations?
modi visits 25 countries in 15 months prime minister narendra modi has visited 25 countries in the last 15 mo...
modi jee must wear skull caps and attend iftar parties..thats enough for india s growth adarsh liberals
foreseeing demand 4 burnol wake of modi chants in mosque, temple uae amp more launches!
wat is timing of namo s speech in dubai sir?
delhi govt to rehabilitate children begging on streets
unlike modi govt who will train thm 2 beg n sing propaganda h
first media said why modi is not going to mosque ? now in uae media is asking why modi has gone to a mosque
meets pm discusses trade, investment
modi in uae
open to meeting india s oil needs, says uae on pm modi s trip ndtv
72k regn to hear namo against 35k seats in dubai
can any party do it in india even?
modi ji up close and personal with indian etongueats in uae!
pm narendra modi congratulates saina nehwal on winning world badminton championships silver medal...
has modi, the emperor, really lost his shine? must read
quoting ab u should remember he wrapped around as pride amp regarding namo, a tricolor without chakra is not nation flag
lalit modi to help sahara group may hasten subrata roy s release report
india has 1 trillion investment potential pm woos business honchos
show one major case of corruption done by modi after may 2014!! not a single rupee scam !!
did modi promise to give each indian 15l from black money? do you have videos to challenge
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in
there has been serious damage to social capital of india simce modi s rise. he can pacify it by this sort of ge
absolutely uncalled for. he behaves as if he s taking revenge . behave like a pm of a country
modi arrives in dubai where he will address a gathering at dubai international cricket stadium
word cloud for modi speech in et. self evident. but i draw your attention to pahunchana . delivery. the key word.
i added a video to a playlist pm narendra modi s address to the nation on 69th independence day from
wow! you are so so cool tongue
plz rt
somebody said modi is known only in gujrat
ed seals lalit modis company accounts in singapore india today
modi must wear skull cap to support islam. if you go by this logic then he should also wear a saree to support women.
hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi thanks uae govt, says it amp s a great step yahoo news india via
once modi promised, whats the hitch,
waiting for next polls to promise again
already there are temples in the uae.
land 4 swaminarayan temple was given in 2013. modi unaware??
modi s word in visitors book of mosque.
.. great sir ji, this is called diplomacy. long live narendra modi.
this modi website for dubai mentions his degree which he removed, spreads lies amp calls him poet.
na mo in uae
forgeting cast faith leaders for 1st time seek dev yet the economist sees split by modi
et commentary pm modis independence day speech exhibits a disturbing distance from reality
god... really messed it up... guys need some patience. modi will be there for you and everyone get a glimpse.
oh yes, they are. but modi seems comfortable too. tongue
fascist modi is now indulging in saffronization of arabs too...
pm visits sheikh zayed grand mosque in uae
india s modi visits uae labour camp, underscores concern over...
we recall the goldman sri sri speak about modi govts espionage and a sure witted win of 40 for a dollar. indeed i...
ya allah,this is outrageous modi is on conversion drive converted shiekh ibn al habibi 2 al habibi sharma
masters degree in political science, mr modi . wasnt aware ... .
elf mabrook to his highness and pm modi. allah ma ak
it s difficult to avoid the impression that modi government has lost its mojo manoj joshi
in uae, modi called celebrity chef sanjeev kapoor to cook for him amp celebrity barber javed habib to trim his hair.
no indian primeminister on an overseas visit has ever created such euphoria amp attention for india as pm modi has done since assuming office.
cong.is jealous of modi s stature. rahul s trials to reduce the chest size of modi proved futile.make derogatory rmks out of frustration.
the naga accord is an example of what modi can do in kashmir via
narendra modi and his model gujarath is the only hope we have to see a developed india in coming decade he only have the ability to it
i liked a video pm modi s address at investors meet at masdar city in abu dhabi
pm modi arrives in abu dhabi to a ceremonial welcome
watch live
via narendra modi app
pm narendra modi greets the community at the start of
prime minister, shri narendra modi,...
for kind information namo will address indian community at dubai at 7.30 pm ist please be alert to watch on dd
for speech in dubai 50,000 register for speech at stadium that can seat 25,000
have u seen mp results where congress wiped out totally despite of all false allegations!! why??just thinking people want modi
burnol please lol
modi sectional leather sofa
so, a relative of sonia gandhi trusted aide was supposed to investigate case against sonia gandhi by modi govt. kya baaat hai
pm modi announces start up india initiative to encourage entrepreneurship
people dressed up in tricolour to cheer for modi
stop communalising every move of modi....public sab dekh rahi hai
modi is yet again goes shameful. says he is ashamed tht no pm visited dubai in 34yrs. but without it india 3rd largest trade
b1d13a754c27467 modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in
lol if gov falls today modi amp team will get all pensions amp facilitiessurprisenly 300m who voted bleeds so hit hard man
modi to uae india has 1 trillion potential, invest in it
are we going back to colonialism? that s what 100 fdi really translates to. kullam khulla becho desh ko
no indian primeminister on an overseas visit has ever created such euphoria amp attention for india as pm modi has done sinc
dawood stories back on channels. bjp paid media spreading fake stories on dawood to divert people s attention from mod
i have been thinking and feeling ashamed of pm modi..who don t know that abroad is not the place to play politics.
thanks modi sir for uae visit ,
why blame ? blame the chaiwala chowkidar chor modi amp his henchman tout jaitley. national herald
pm modi led committee reverses its stand on whistleblower sanjiv chaturvedi following rap on the knuckles by court
all rw s who r givin up on modi so early r no less than aaptards! mere 15lakh kab milenge category wale morons
a ter
almost every leading newspaper carries an editorial on how pm modi s i day speech reveals his govt s barrenness and inef
this is called communal politics. sanjay how long u depend on modi.. do some work
shocking if true . writes to , blames ed chief for scuttling probe in national herald case htt
modi in uae h
pm modi attacks previous govts in uae, congress hits back
modi modi modi in uae mosque and they all watched it silently on tv channels.
golden moment of 2015
dear modi ji,
there r 188 countries whr no indian pm visited ever. u can go globetrotting to all these 188 countries.
burnol to
so many thousands of muslims to attend namo in dubai event. overflowing numbers.
slogans narendra modi zindabad, vande matsram,bharat mata ki jai are heard from everywhere
the ruler of arab wanted to throw some comedy amp entertainment to his people, so allowed merhaba modi show in cricket stadium
it is you to learn this art from modi.you people should learn to live peacefully with hindus.think of kp s
pm narendra modi visits city, abu dhabi
the prime minister, shri narendra modi, today visited masdar...
pm modi at 69th independence day celebrations at red fort, delhi
modi handshake leaves workers speechless
read and share
modi in uae 100 karat gold dessert, indo arab mezzeh for 5 course feast
it s starts modi in dubai namo in dubai
proud of modi ji
and fed up of your
modi in dubai modi modi chant everywhere. temple done. now waiting 4 ramman dir
pm modi disappoints supporters with low key speech by
pakistan killing our jawans amp civilians each day , but mr modi doesn t speak a single word on this. globe trotter feku
sanjeev chaturvedi etongueosed corruption in aiims ,nadda who ousted him rewarded with health ministry by modi.
leader of team india will rock the tonight.. modi in dubai
elf mabrook to his highness and pm modi. allah ma ak. al ham do lila.
finally sickulars can say modi gaya lene.
india a land of opportunities pm narendra modi modi in dubai
in a first, modi visits labour camp of indian workers in abu dhabi watch video
for 68 years, no one spoke about the lack of toilets in indian schools. modi did, and they called it a gimmick.
modi in d
india is the number 1 etongueorter of beef despite modi rule.
modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment
his name should be nriendra modi
modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment modi talked about investment climate in india as both leaders delib
more burning sensation for sickulars
i hear nh case is being dumped. right time for modi to sacrifice his knight and get the opposition s queen. can t let her go!!
filmmaker nandita singgha doesnt agree with narendra modis salute selfie campaign!
so cool modi jee
may be your pappu anccestors were farmers..but modi is not
modi s strategic checkmate dawood s assets to seized satyameva jayate
if modi visits temple gt he shud visit mosque
if modi visits mosque gt he should visit anothr mosque to cement secular
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims aren t happy ... washington post
hello maam.. my frnd ankit from iit has told me that 50000 people were sent from mumbai in a submarine to listen t
narendra modi bhaijaan
proud of my pm , an international statesman
normal people action speaks louder than words
modi lol
so, congress is influencing modi govt???
tongue
, have a good day
1. modi welcomed in mosque
2. temple in uae
3. bjp clean sweep in mp polls
modi in dubai yeah, thereafter those who cried foul saying pm of gujrat and what not are now nowhere to b seen s
no special celebrations were being planned at burj khalifa for modi ji.
photoshoppd bhakts create hoax, again!
for 68 years, no one spoke about the lack of toilets in indian schools. modi did, and they called it a gimmick. ...
while islamic and world media is praising modi in dubai modi in uae but our indian media has been divides in secular m
news update lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals
a buses lined up to ferry modi supporters from internet city metro station.
galt tweet h susheel modi ji ..dont compair bihar to others plz ......
under modi this will continue...but even he is finding it increasingly hard as islamism etongueands.
all of you making gay 377 joke on modi s warm reception by sheikhs, will go to hell..
along with me.
khaleej times team all set for narendra modi s address at dubai cricket stadium today...
marhaba na mo modi in dubai
modi govt s ed find no violation under fema and pmla against sonia and rahul gandhi in national herald case. reports
isnt modi govt trying to do etongueectation management.
after an year etongueectations are lowered!! wink
43.4c at the stadium , people are being seated .
thts what the truth is revealed by julian assanje, wikileaks founder.
namo is true leader of this world. modi in dubai
mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, u turns and flip flops, including on is talking about indecisiven
so as per k c tyagi of jdu, modi in dubai mosque, for bihar election campaign.
these idiots still able to find supporters
it is abominable that pm modi continues his pathetic lowbrow jibes at opposition party s when abroad. a huge embarrassment.
namo will get you a girlfriend don t worry he promised achhe din
clockwise 4m left!
aft modi chants temple in uae
you can think about the secularism of india that for modi ji it s easier to make temple in uae than in ayodhya.
in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect puppet.
brutal attack on leaders workers in lucknow by up police.seems mulayam s new friendship with modi at play.approa
modi stand for
m mission
o organised
d development
i for india
mission organised and development 4 india modi in dubai
if sonia had smiled, tavleen look at madame dynasty deviously smirking at our lord modi. no respect for indian pm ht
mood in india changes as narendra modis shine fades asserts an ft headline. they ought to have added, among india s comme
you haven t proved any case so far. only talk like modi. all the best. would appreciate if you can get sg convicted.
inc aap ncp hv nightmare of modi. guys see u r own home where u hv reached 44 to 4 ncp n aap u guys r no where..
land for the temple was already alloted in 2013. modi claim is to fool his own bhakt. taking credit is in dna
some one must ask the bjp cag vinod rai what he has to say about modi and his minions splurging money abroad and at ho
brinda karat red flag is the real sevak of people.
modi is sevak of 3 c s corporates, corrupt amp communal.
pm modi at abu dhabi s grand mosque is not some grand gesture to muslims
host of steps have been taken by the government to tackle black money pm narendra modi
modi in dubai modi in dubai!secular s worst nightmare came true!!!!see my cartoon!
u moron, was modi a mp then?
filmmaker nandita singgha doesn?t agree with narendra modi?s salute selfie campaign!
marhaba namo 50,000 indians etongueected to attend first of its kind reception for modiin dubai
modi s special package for bihar on august 18 union minister
mms was deemed unaware of goings on in his own office
modi is guilty of every imagined transgression across the country
adarsh liberals
etongueecting all my indian friends residing in dubai are going for one of the unforgettable speech by shri narendra modi honorable pm of india
modi in uae menu by
looks good
pm narendra modi visits indians in uae labourcamp
india s pm modi speech in dubai will be the largest gathering ... on foreign land to welcome non religious leader. h
video
science is life, pm modi digitally writes in visitors book at masdar city
modi in dubai aaptards are getting rattled by modi ji s visit to uae. reason? there source of funding is in jeopardy
modi never promised 15 lakh in our account this video clarifies what he said
first group let in....modi modi chanting sta ed
india amp canada anthems with pm modi and pm harper shweta subram via
for 68 years, no pm spoke about the need to clean up our villages and cities. modi did, and they called it marketing.
please mock radhe ma while modi govt do the vandana of real ma sonia ma
to participate in pm narendra modi govt s clean ganga programme, to assist in capacity building...
when mms went on foreign tours,no one took note of it,but frustrated congies amp presstitutes discussing every word of modi shows he is tiger
sheikh zayed mosque amp narendra modi selfie today aajtak news via
shift in global opinion 2 yrs ago even uae diplomats refused to meet modi.now the rulers invite him amp receive him at the ai
wow touched modi in dubai
pm narendra modi in his opposition time made exactly same wild suggestions and accusations on upa rpn singh, congress
after all requests amp plea, modi govt. is in inactive, spellbound character. identifying feature of modi govt.
security preparations in case riots break out at pm modi speech in dubai. it s all peaceful with a festive atmosphere
ed is under inc influence in national herald case..!!
shame..!! better ask so called strong modi to resign
best news of the day 17th august 2015 special narendra modi via
despite modi s effort to clean the country, visitors to india s tallest waterfall are yet to get the message.
you shld be ashamed what u cong did with india, pm modi aapke failaye raayte ko samet rhe hai
why is coalit s difficult to avoid the impression that modi government has lost its mojo manoj joshi
what about modi s big promises regarding health? health minister of delhi under bjp is so corrupt.
hi sultan. i am reji in muscat with times of oman. would you like to share your picture of crwd at namo visit
shocked to see the rousing welcome modi received in uae. such reactio
take a look at this review on implementation of the promises made by pm modi in 2014 independence day
pm modi visits 25 countries in 15 months.
india has 1 trillion investment opportunities pm modi in uae modi in dubai
icymi that burj khalifa pic with tricolour is fake
fake tri colour burj khalifa pictures go viral ahead of modi s dubai visit
so bjp and modi are under congress pressure?
burj khalifa light in indian flag colours to welcome narendra modi given this honour!
be
daarubaazmehta no special celebrations were being planned at burj khalifa for modi ji
those who remained silent during congi rule,now resorting to blackmail of modi govt wch is committed to .
in his campaign, he d accused upa of mar jawan, mar kisan so naturally he does it.
chilling warning by10 former service chiefs to pm modi nation can ill afford damaged pride of veterans h
yes, we all are euphoric about national herald case getting dumped
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it
india s modi touts government achievements in annual speech
pm narendra modi acknowledges the blue collared indian community, meets with over 500 workers...
namo promises are like babies , easy to make but hard to deliver.
unlike namo. he is too perfect for this. i feel this is a fake letter.
2 yrs ago uae diplomats refused to meet modi
now their prince personally receive him at the airport
uae allots land for temple on modi visit indi leak
modi in uae 5 ways in which pm modi received a fancy welcome
shameless anand sharma again twisting statement of who clearly meant uae.
congrats to true warrior of maa bharti 4 getting 20k patriots in your endeavor
we all namo sm parivar are rea
sanjay tune communal politics ke alwa kuch kiya hai abhi tak.ur your work shud speak like modi.where is tomar
so bagga, modi s favorite tweeple defames others by photoshopping their images amp calls it sex tape.
crowd chanting ! electrifying atmosphere modi in uae modi in dubai via
all of a sudden vineet jain started talking after modi said he faced pressure from big people on fm radio auction. h
you haven t proved any case so far. only talk like modi. all the best. would appreciate if you can get sg convicted. s
back to the future...i took a staffdel to charleston in 08 dod surveying potential u.s. guantnamo north lockups
narendra modi talks of economic lethargy pti does a reuters editor s note is pti reporting ...
pm modi s address at investors meet at masdar city in abu dhabi
watch and share
forget about indian media and their bitch pangs. read here how the workers were elated about pm modi visiting them
a group of major america west church funded which worked hard to stop modi ji in jan 2014
huge crowd at maharban namo
lot s of ppl r waiting outside in queue n waiting to get the seats.
this was the biggest lie spread by media amp opposition. i wonder why this lie has never been countered by bjp.
the pm in his 1.5 hour independence day speech, shri modi did not speak a word on cross border terrorism
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp
modified crowd modi in dubai namo in dubai
marhaba namo my ticket to indian pm s public event in dubai. 40,000 people etongueected. thx
communal pool like inc n others don t digest tht modi is rock star in uae. n thy r loosing vote bank.thy knows
if arabs can hold thali why cant modi hold topi?
we reject it sagarikha and rana tayub
got the link.
i am sure this exchange is a blow to modi somehow.
first to meet workers in after 34 years
its is not like other.. modi is the best and will be the bests of all time
at jantar mantar shall with soldiers do self immolation if doesn t grant in next 5 days!
here we have the troll factories amp media running the propaganda aka
see how selfish pm modi is? he criticized atal bihari vajapayiji..who built bjp..who made him cm of gujrat. liar pm
are u quoting from s letter to pm modi?
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp while condemning the killing of six civili...
modi government plans major push for solar pv
nda government has now upped 2022 target to an ambitious 100,000...
the power of team india under leadership of pm narendra modi
germany to return stolen statues to in october. yay!!!
ex serviceman who escalating situation deliberately despite modi s assurance,
political angle not ruled out
modi why it took 34 years to reach to this heaven? bcoz 34 years before there were no gappu pm like you. jumlabaaz kahin ka,choru
shameful! the military ignores obama s order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo.
held for nothing since 2002.
modi visit use for indian development
modi govt nasty effo s 2 influence judges
etongueosed! perfct news nobody is abov law
bjp blocked gst10yrs
op black rain ameer das also added few other names like sushil kumar modi and others from the same group.
mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, u turns and flip flops, including on is talking about indecisiveness.
ji we are very hopeful fr ur tour
modi is torn between the need to keep his core hindutva wadi supporters happy amp the need to reach out to minorities as india s pm.
pts i am working hard to bring the national herald scam to conviction of tdk amp buddhu. also i am with modi hell or high water.
get free freex modi and many videos
you pig!!! watch this! and cry bloody bitch!
why aren t taking sound bite from chota shakeel on modi visit?? remember they rushed to him after y
indian are discussing and ...
shame on you media ...
rather this you have...
where modi goes...
u turn follows...
ms rana ed has stopped investigation of sonia gandhi amp rahul gandhi in national herald case. so, modi has reached some understanding w
the only calculation that s gonna go wrong for mr. modi is that india isn t gujarat can t
amp see what modi says just to side with hindus
modi in dubai seems like it s gonna be cricket match there. modi vs rok tantra
how ironical that communal nations find secular amp so called seculars in our country label him communal
tongueower of team india under leadership of pm narendra modi has shown unprecedented results...
people walking in to the stadium for modiin dubai marhaba namo narendra modi
team rajasthan worked together under lalit modi amp looting rajasthan well.
pm visit to uae after 34 years.pm covering lost ground. islamic nation offering temple land. fantastic
with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list prime minister narendra modi s linkedln p...
modi in dubai indians decked out in the tiranga colours to greet modi.
modi ashamed of atal bihari vajpayee for not visiting uae as pm..
real shocker was when that darling of faux liberals once said but modi isn t visiting
gay modi in dubai
really enjoying hospitality
extension denial to psu heads hurting morale, says ongc s ex chairman rs sharma to pm modi
pm modi attacks previous govts in uae, ...
feku key ache din aaa gaye mitro but wht abt farmers amp citizens of india mr.modi?
it shows that they have no focus on thr own work..even aftr being in power thr only job is crying over modi
. gifts pm the hindi version of his book ... hindi version in namaste pose cover?
imagine narendra modi going somewhere but not taking a selfie.
shouldn t the iranians be hugging ns now that v played neutral,broke away from arabs and delivered them to modi
is there a single dept of central and state govts which has escaped the corruption agenda of modi and his looters
we reject it sagarikha and r
very unfortunate.! i must suggest to armed forces to stop working for 1 day amp let them feel what they did.! shame.
is this why sheikhs regularly visit pakistan?
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans ex service chiefs write to pm modi on...
ms rana ed has stopped investigation of sonia gandhi amp rahul gandhi in national herald case. so, modi has reached
reaction of secular amp adarsh liberals, when they heard about modi s visit to sheikh zayed mosque....!
. h
namo flooded islamic media but not our indian
evening dubai city chants namo namo
pm modi acknowledges the blue collared indian community, meets with over 500 workers
2
i liked a video from pm narendra modi s address to the nation on 69th independence
let me clear i stand firm with narendra modi s evry stand taken as prime minister of india.
modi visits 25 countries in 15 months prime minister narendra modi has visited 25 countries in ...
that s no entirely true smiley billions of dollors of investment and more than 50k jobs under modi rule in 1 year smiley
never visited a mosque in , his followers destroy mosques churches. but in , first stop is a mosque
leave your political affiliation aside and analyze objectively.what modi has achieved on the diplomatic front is nothing short of phenomenal
narendra modi
brand ambassador
good day biscuit
achche din aayenge
11 quotes from pm modi s independence day speech
rip we do condemn horrific unprovoked shelling on civilians modi govt failed to stop consecutive attacks or g
2b frank, modi didnt set d target of 5 yrs. he always talked abt 2022 75 yrs goal.
i too, didnt etongueected him to finish in 1 term.
wow
today, there is a immediate possibility of 1 trillion dollars of investment in india pm namo
pm s trillion dollar promise 10 things he said to investors in uae prime minister narendra modi on...
proud of you sir!
keep up the good work modi ji. never felt something like this when sonia was in power
live pm narendra modi arrives in dubai on the second leg of uae visit zee news
bjp corruption spreading like forest fires in india and all bjp ruled states modi says no corruption in bjp jumla babu
sir this is a hoax to distract from modi s successful uae trip sop of adarsh liberals.
pls check time line
it is abominable that pm modi continues his pathetic lowbrow jibes at opposition party s when abroad. a huge embarrassme
mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, u turns and flip flops, including on is talking about indecis
pm modi thanks uae leadership for alloting land for building a temple in abu dhabi
because he is christian..media is christian.. media is the law,, modi sleeps.. gets fat!
its all across tv, the atrocities jumla babu modi orderd agnst protestors!
in 2014 modi ji said he has 56 inch chest
in 2019 modi ji will say he has body like john abraham
no need to appeal pm modi for orop from any opposition party leaders. on 15 august pm has assured to apply at earliest.
did modi government live up to its promises ?
share your views..
people knew modi was fooling them, but then 31 thought lets get fooled one last time.
jumla babu
swacch bharat failed by muncipal corps in delhi,.
well done modi
everything should be that two minute instant noodle when it is modi. as for others, we are ready suffer for ages
pak kills our jawans, we feed them biryani modi in trichy via
prime minister modi visits zero carbon masdar city on day 2 of his uae visit
pm modi visits car free masdar city, promotes india as an investment destination
can we simply let modi sena amp swamy sena have a go at each other today?
note the timing of the ed announcement...exactly when pm modi n dr.swamy are abroad...
aap will blame lg or modi?
navy says theres asbestos at guantnamos camp justice, but its safe for occupancy
i ll be the biggest modi bhakt if modi tweets a selfie with dawood ibrahim this time.
dubai cricket stadium in tricolour. ready for pm narendra modi speech
dna declare orop implementation date immediately, brinda karat urges narendra modi
pm modi s mission dawood in uae. seizure of dawood s assets to be taken up with uae government.
dna extension denial to psu heads hurting morale, says ongc s ex chairman rs sharma to pm modi
namo amp aamir khan have been sending out message through their campaigns to keep the country clean, yet our citizens fail to fulfill it.
science is life says pm modi. right.
pay obeisance to nehru who had vision to give india a strong science base despite limited resources
bhakts are right, modi wants pieces , congress knows rules .
burnool moment for who?
debating tonight with on nation at9 modi in uae modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. pak s sphere of influence punctured.
it shows that they have no focus on thr own work..even aftr being in power thr only job is c
via narend
r u listening? i hope he is not frm rss bjp!
modi sarkar sud hand their head in shame as his actions hv led to most disciplined ppl to sit on fast unto death.
i dont see any arab having a problem with modi ji not wearing a skull cap.
wait...no arab is wearing a skull cap. blow to i
is lalit modi helping sahara chief subrata roy get out of jail?
former indian premier league ipl commissioner l
i wish had gone to abudhabi with a photooo of modi asking people .. have you seen this man? .. i miss tha
modi success in uae is directly proportional to consumption of following items in india
burnol
b tex
itch guard
crocin
only modi modi at sheikh zayed grand mosque uae what is happening in communal a
that is good because it shows religious tolerance. lakhs of hindus in uae need a temple. it is namo blitz!
modi offers 1trn investment opportunities to uae businesses
everything should be that two minute instant noodle when it is modi. as for others, we are ready suffer for ages s
namo is pride of india amp he is making india proud in abroad modi in dubai
meet narendra modis mosque man who made the sheikhs roll out red carpet for pm
lalit modi controversy playing the gender card will weaken sushma swaraj s case
another count on which is wrong is statement with 100 days in it was by rajnath singh, not modi. 100 days to st
how many ppl who attended maddison square or al phones invest in india till dare? probably none.
so u are wishing that modi fails in wooing sheikh in bringing investment in india?
i wonder if modi has a camera roll full of rejected selfies.
why opec members need modi more then modi needs them ?
they want a assured buyer who can bail them out
exclusive following modi s demand for temple kejriwal, rahul, nitish etc make more demands to uae govt
according to aaptard brigade, vinod rai is still cag. no wonder these dolts elected twice
marhaba namo welcome na mo as we reach stadium modi in dubai
lol, inc . perception is ias is stalling, amp modi not doing anything.
if they let go sonia amp rahul, it will be a blunder committed by modi govt. they will bounce back
in ind s ugliness,i hv found my own lexicon a la atish how visceral modi haters would rather see dirty i
8 bold steps taken by modi govt
bsln lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals controversial businessman lalit modi, whose affairs ...
we gave 60 years to congress to destroy india. we can certainly give 10yrs to modi to rebuild india. have patience jai hind
in 30 years, narendra modi first indian prime minister to visit uae modi in dubai
.comtonguem sri namo has only spoke about atrocious disrupting of monsoon session universally tv known!!
anjana ji modi ji shud also go to masjid in india. why he is believe so much in show off.
if modi says something good about islam gandhi, dil se nahi lena hai.
bhakt savarna telepathy is india s na
pm visiting the grand mosque is a fitting tribute to a ruler who was loved by many sheikh zayed.
modi in masdar one trillion dollar investment possible in india.
125 crore indians not a market, but a source of power, pm modi says in uae
terrorist modi is trying to spread terrorism in each amp every state of india.
terrorist modi
here is my interview with .
read sting op of ranveer sena terrorists backed by top bjp leaders mm joshi, sushil modi etc. bjp sponsors terror htt
new profession property dealer
modi promised while visiting tn during elections that he will link rivers of north with south. not even a single stone turned
the dismal state of indian labourers in uae had modi reallyworried
open to meeting india s oil needs, says uae on pm modi s trip
10 10 exclusive indian pm narendra talks to khaleej times ahead of visit
essel world is planning to sign narendra modi as its brand ambassador..
because of its tagline ghar nahi jaaoonga main ! tongue
before elections modi promised us like going 2 give whole of the world to us after elections we r waiting for even 1acre
4 10 exclusive indian pm narendra talks to khaleej times ahead of visit
how modi govt plans to enable the differently abled
breaking
modi in uae pm inks historic deal to bring dubai s desert safari on bengaluru roads
watch modi tours uae s zero carbon masdar city in driverless car smart cities
visits ,
1 10 exclusive indian pm narendra talks to khaleej times ahead of visit
from whatsapp
modi returning from uae
photoshop pics of uae wellcoming modi, by bjp supporters. modi gone to settle pink revolution deal. bhakts plz clap.
yes orop will be a reality no doubt, but yea modi is holding it for 30 yrs
the indian pm namo modi the only prime minister in the world who works monday to sunday, all the 365 days. namo in uae modi in u
who moved the falafel? narendra modi s arabian adventure comes with a gujarati thali
modi s selfie obsession continues at sheikh zayed grand mosque further, in a series of tweets the indian pr...
photo album pm modi in uae some interesting moments from prime minister narendra modis trip to the united a...
pm modi at abu dhabi s grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims talk about overreading a t...
10 things to know about smart city masdar, inspired by ancient city of cairo prime minister naraendra modi to...
lol, inc . perception is ias is stalling, amp modi n
crazy crowd and it is hours before modi has to arrive modi in dubai
we are excited modi in dubai namo in dubai
lalit modi, a quick learner is now extending to sahara subrata the humanitarian help, the art, he has learnt from his family friend sushma
via narendra
thank you uae. modi in dubai
i said many times, this term modi working with establishment, next term establishment will work with him
modi wants ram mandir not only in ayodhya but also in abudhabi.
clear proof that he wants to saffronize whole world.1 2
we all waiting narendra modi ji
in the current situation most indians do not have an alternative for modi even if he performs badly. this is a serious issue.
manmohan singh ex pm is vicitim of corrupt sonia. wheras no one can corrupt pm modi.
rt hindustan times pm modi attacks previous governments in uae, congress hits back
mr. modis visit to u.a.e. is the first by an indian prime minister in 34 years
absolutely love the way pm strips off be sahara congies on foreign trips...mazza aa gaya
dear countrymen,
do military veterans deserve this treatment from modi s police ?
thanks.
indian pm narendra touring masdar inst research labs! modiin uae
all you need is trade what pm modi can learn from uae to improve indo pak ties
there is a little bit of narendra modi in all of us. that bit which makes you feel your failure are others mistakes.
hi sultan. i am reji in muscat with times of oman. would you like to share your picture of crwd at namo vi
this modi now wants us to give up lpg subsidy!
the prime minister, shri narendra modi addressing the nation on the occasion of 69th independence day from...
prime minister narendra modi s address at the investor meet, at masdar city, in abu dhabi,...
several opportunities for development in india modi
pm narendra modi interacts with indian workers at icad residential city in abu dhabi the india time news...
it is my dhaarmic duty to warn that the split personality of dr.jekyl amp mr.hyde aka modi amp aj are biggest fraudsters posin
debating tonight with on nation at9 modi in uae pak obsesses, snipes at meet. modi pulls the rug from under pak?
best day for bjp
1. bjp sweeps 16 16 in mp civic polls
2. terrorist hamid gul died
3. modi s selfie in mosque
amp
4. temple in
inside solar powered car in city near abu dhabi
over 70 thousand people registered for the civic reception of pm in dubai cricket stadium
modi visit builds momentum for india uae ties, economy minister says
modi is encyclopedia, can speak non stop without paper for days.
nothing bad if modi has 2 sacrifice congress prestige for restoring prestige of india cong prestige is not greater than india s modi in uae
hi baba iddiki mistercollinson, wanna get free iph0ne 6? please checkout my bi0. thx
modi is mocking congress govt on foreign soil. narrow minded attitude. congress govt is not indian culture, which can be mo
india s modi talks up trade with uae
pm modi visits to sheikh zayed mosque in abu dhabi
the stage has been set for marhaba namo. over 50,000 people etongueected. modi in dubai modi in uae
first pm 2 speak white lies from red fort on independence day? lalit gate murderous vyapam aiims nadda gadkari purti
pm modi invites uae investors to use opportunities in india via
the way twitter campaign of modi s uae trip is being covered is extremely commendable. meanwhile, we continue to beg for youtube.
modi amp jaitley duo have consciously kept you at bay.virtually sidelined so that you may never become powerful
they shd not bring their own people but provide job opportunity to locals. do you think that will happen under modi?
please show me one video proof of modi saying he will bring back black money in 100 days. just one video proof 1
rare guard of honor given to modi.
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp while condemning the killi...
marhaba namo 10 developments on pm s big dubai speech tonight
uae has violated all possible rules under international blasphemy law in these two days.modi has succeeded in implementing
modi woos uae with 1 trillion investments nagpur today nagpur newsnational. pm modi said his gover...
modi in dubai live major traffic jam around cricket stadium as people flock in
as i was watch aaj taak modi masjid debate not a single temple was destroyed in valley tell bjp spokesman read india today
bi ggest chutiya ahmed quraishi everything knows
looks like for a change
when modi speaks in servant class language of hindi,this european sonia can t stand it.but,don t imagine she knows english either.
news cobra post sting black rain, railway rakshabandhan gift, modi uae visit via
pakistan kill our jawans. we visit dubai..
aman sinha talks pol crap on orop ndtv. oozes of arrogance. problem being created where none exists.pm modi better b beware of his fin min.
software guys came changed treatment in immigration counters
sydney to seattle modi has come to change how we r treated globally respect
etvandhra pm modi invites uae investors to use opportunities in india via youtube
modi now wants us to give up lpg subsidy!
prime minister narendra modi interacts with business leaders in masdar city
modi is quite serious about this and i am sure he will respond within the etongueected time.
ji do not extend them , they all are corrupt appointed by crooked congress
sydney to seattle modi has come to change how we r treated g
sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan told modi that if india buys fixed quantity of crudeoil from uae they are ready to do
vallu tarvata anna mana jaggu case ee no movement. .. modi seeing everything political but not ethically
y were these orop guys asleep during cong regime. just becausepm modi promised something, he s being penalized. bad behavior guys
nation can ill afford damaged pride of our veterans chilling warning by ten former service chiefs to pm modi
u can openly name modi most of the time but can t take name of dynasty leader n other politician
pm narendra modi s address to the nation on 69th independence day from the ramparts of red fort india...
if you feel manmohan singh was a sensible amp better pm than narendra modi
modi insults bihar
he is involved in sahara too.
first pm 2 speak white lies from red fort on independence day? lalit gate murderous vyapam aiims nadda gadkari purti ht
seen earlier talks extend over luncheon banqt in honour of pm by hh sheikh mohd bin zayed al nahyan mea
national herald case to be closed? what a shame!
modi in timings extended
pm modi at abu dhabi s grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims
prime minister tours abu dhabi s zero carbon masdar city
long queue though stadium is already 1 3 full 6pm modi in dubai
the unstoppable lalit modi
ed may not need to pursue a broad day light robbery type case! the case may continue as plain criminal case!
love u modi ji .. u r the best
there is a massive gurdwara in dubai built by the indian sikh community ,hope modi doesnt take credit for that also
thank u for mahika ji
haeeeennn .. lul lul lul .
modi in uae even with 40,000 etongueected, not everyone saying marhaba namo new poll
pay obeisance to nehru who had vision to give india a strong science base despite l
this is the credit of mr. modi. thanks a lot.
modi wears saffron border stole in uae mosque. breaking news stampede at burnol factory. sagarika, barkha amp rajdeep al
aman sinha talks pol crap on orop ndtv. oozes of arrogance. problem being created where none exists.pm modi better b bewar
best opportunity for pakistan to use its islamic influence and arrest modi in uae.
arrest modi in uae
3. modi..modi ..chants in mosque
4. mandi
have we noticed how a big bang anti modi news breaks the moment he goes on a foreign trip n makes unprecedented headway?
poor situation of indian pseudo seculars. they r bamboozled due to this situation. world is supporting modi. they not
woos offers 1 trillion opportunities
start up india, stand up india campaign launched by modi
sickulars in india after modi, modi chants in uae. modi in dubai
ironic that gives a mosque tour to an extremist pm accused of destroying mosques amp churches in
mr modi, who is jasodaben??
why is her i not been accepted and replied jasodaben to7rcr
wrote a scathing email to govt. of uae how modi is making a mockery of democracy.
got the reply what s that?
stadium is at 50 capacity at 5 00pm twice the public still waiting outside gates namo in dubai with love na mo
pm modi s special package for bihar on august 18 dharmendra pradhan prime minister narendra modi will announ...
aib comedians
1. use fuckin every 5 seconds.
2. abuse modi.
3. bollywood ass licking.
4. block people who tweet like
whether u had chance to take an interview namo
pm is observing silence on border shelling in ncp
sonia gandhi is the undisputed queen. shame on you modi govt
no one could do what modi has done in uae ! jealous aapards amp congi will keep barking modi in dubai
pm modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity touae
muslims is dubai chanting modi modi because there is no leader and in uae to poison there mind fo
basic difference between a sevak amp a shasak one earns for nation amp the other one earns for family! proud of namo ji
intriguing spin reuters. if were to make a gesture to ind muslims like this, plenty of mosques in ind s
modi boosted thepla amp chhundo travelling gujju meal in modi in dubai lalit sheth of raj travels died prematurely!
after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people the econom...
i am proud that i was born in the era when modi was our pm modi in dubai
congress slams modi for targeting previous govts on foreignsoil
when mms went on foreign tours,no one took note of it,but frustrated congies amp presstitutes discussing every word of mod
pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae
via
muslims in india just do drama of islam.
look at the sheikhs...they don t bother if no skull cap in masjid.
uae allots land for church gurdwara temple 2013
modi takes credit 2015. tongue
it s 5pm here. programme will start at 6 and modi is scheduled to come at 8. already 10000 people in the stadium
modi s word on mosque visitor book.
dear modi ji tell investors that past lazy govts only managed to make uae a top trading partner. you will make it topper partner wink
inviting rss amp bjp both in debates by paid news channels with favorable journalists to bjp or rss. paid proves amp confirms their favor to modi.
sanjiv chaturvedi modi is not the anti corruption messiah we were waiting for
rupee is in hospital due to dr manmohan singh s treatment narendra modi, sept 2013.
indian prime minister narendra modi visits labour camp in abu dhabi modi in uae
courtesy pmo india via youtube
nice.. but i don t see modi in the photo,,
chants against pm modi by ex servicemen
chants of gaddar amp jhoote wade as nothing concrete on in pm speech h
but none of these channels reported this clean sweep of bjp in mp!!!
aiims whistleblower sanjiv chaturvedi wins battle against modi govt. read
sahara chief has asked lalit modi to sell his hotel amp assets in london! wow! as per govt he is a fugitive amp sahara chief is trusting him smiley
bjp won 16 16 in municipal polls in mp
hamid gul died
modi took mosque selfie
uae grants land for temple
burre din
modi govt to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people good thoughtful initiative
. looking at modi, i wonder if manmohan singh ever wonders where did he go wrong? why was he listening to others idiots in govt?
modi holds talks with dubai ruler
dozens dead after bomb attack at hindu temple in bangkok. is this what modi wants at uae temple? stop provoking people by making temples.
interesting review of how modi has delivered against his 2014 commitments including make in india
marhaba namo
dubai are u ready for the big moment......
first look of the stadium ready to welcome narendra modi ji modi in dubai
an important part of pm narendra modi s visit is nabbing long term target dawood.
it video modi in dubai
patient for 60 years. impatient for 1 year. that s the level of etongueectations from modi.
that s y u r ignorant. u tell me anti modi thn whom s favour.
pls do keep in mind all corpts r on one side including traitor ak.
modi govt lacks a coherent communication strategy, which enables sources and competing narratives to take hold and even dominate
pm narendra modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment metal preorder best pric
dear modi ji tell investors that past lazy govts only managed to make uae a top trading partner. you will make it topper pa
pm narendra modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment
pm modi s special package for bihar on august 18 dharmendra pradhan
now ji s allied sena also stood up strongly against police action over veterans who sacrificed for nation!
modi, ya habibi, say those three words for me.
i need oil
its written by modi so has to be his hand writing only. well, hopefully.
modi visited a mosque. i loved this little jab in the article. sly tongue .
yes yes. possible to kill hundreds, get political cover. we re doing it already. op blackrain
union minister modi s special package for bihar on august 18
modi government has been rocked by a series of scams, but modi ji believes in lying from the red fort?
chant namo let n prevail in all hearts
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai modi in dubai
naturally congis and aaptards are very sad now a days..namo knows where to hit...
i am looking forward to honesty certificate by modi govt to robert vadra. why take panga becoz someday his son will become pm
modi again attacks previous governments, congress slams him masdar new delhi prime
may be putting censorship on modi bashing from gcc! notice to self be cautious amp diplomatic
pm narendra modi holds talk with uae crown prince
dozens dead after bomb attack at hindu temple in bangkok. is this what modi wants at uae temple? stop provoking people by m
pm narendra modi visits uae mosque in conciliatory gesture to muslims idiots twisting facts if it is indi
pm modi urges uae to invest in india
holds talks with dubai ruler
modi magic in uae
temple will be built in abu dhabi, government will allocate land soon.
crowd at dubai cricket stadium ahead of grand reception chanting modi with tricolor flags. smiley modi in dubai
40k capacity of stadium 70 k registered sure authorities will take care of ordersmiley na mo in
what chinese ceos told pm modi the times of india via
shri suresh prabhu ji, minister for railways, govt of india, shri narendra modi ji, prime minis... via
amp modi says hindu cant be terrorist
ji rightly said in 15th aug red fort speech that some ppl enjoy spreading negativity
it is amazing. and that is why we are proud of modi ji. modi in dubai modi in dubai modi in dubai modi in dubai
modi diluting whistle blower act, no lokpal,dubious cvo appointed, killed del acb, i gagged, is killing judicial independence
time to ask straight question. what is with madam that still hesitates to take her full on?
and i thought modi had handpicked every bureaucrat of any influence in this govt!smiley
for 34y, no pm visited a country that is home to 2 mil indians. modi did, and they called it his foreign trip fixation
. looking at modi, i wonder if manmohan singh ever wonders where did he go wrong? why was he listening to others idio
our pm narendira modi have brilliant knowledge.modi means leader of world your gulf countries visits extremely very useful our country.
we bhakts dont have a problem with this. modi isn t acting sickular like ak or nitish or other fools by wearing skull cap...
just bringing live thoughts for new relationship building of faith one can believe that everything going in right d
just now pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai modi in dubai
modi departs for dubai pm departs for dubai on the second leg of his uae visit, tweeted extern...
google lists modi as the most stupid pm.
ask your modi
pretty sure she won t be convinced even if modi converts to islam
badal can just satisfy drug addicts amp modi can empower such addicts.
why modi s big bang skill india campaign won t solve the country s unemployment problem
the stage is all set for marhaba namo narendra modi modi in uae
modi s first words in stadium should be enda vishesham?
i swear the proverbial roof will come down thanks to mallu che
if d news on national herald is true.n is being sabotaged by .tym nt only 2 stop modi govt but 2 treat it lyk an enemy
wow, didn t knw ws dng an i day2015 stand up comedy special!
red fort speech failed
independence day s
me in 2014 lion modi will not keep quiet hear him roar rwaaaarrrrr
me in 2015 silence is golden. come on guys. be silen
modi jumla babu only talks amp does nothing, rahuls anger not good amp kejriwal doing a good job anna hazare to abp news htt
wnever any biased act by modi had bn challenged in court it has been won. proving modi is a man of vene
video a 100 mn dollar pay check is an easy one for me to give players
pm offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to
rt muzammilsyed3 roflgandhi all of you making gay 377 joke on modi s warm reception by sheikhs, will go to h
in his first i day speech, pm modi paid tribute to past govts. but when he is abroad, he belittles efforts of mms abv etc. modi shames india
stage set, supporter already set....waiting modi the hope, scope, pride amp proud of india
modi in dubai modi in uae
what about retired jawans? orop will pay officers well, not their juniors. all protestors belonged to senior ranks. ht
nidhi the land for temple offered not bcz of modi.gurdawara buitl in dubai land was not given due to modi. nris were promised by uae .
news alert pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai modi in dubai
pm concludes great extempore speech. crowd ecstatic. parivartan rally concluded.
bjp in bihar na mo in bihar abki bar bjp
sickulars would be quingnow in iin to get new ideas to attack modi.
modi arab overtures and it s possible implications on the region.
terror, trade to top agenda during modi s uae visit assam tribune
with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list
dont ask modi to break his silence! he ll speak when he has got something really important to say, like rahul gandhi whats
sir he is the only blind english journalist bhukt of modi. he never criticized his single step r word even jail theory
modi the man in action
modi should remember the fact, before talking about lack of administration prior to him, that he is not the first bjp pm... atal ji served
indias narendra modi puts spotlight on efforts to drive out termite like graft
modi uses cbi to give clean chit to his communal friends but etongueects uae to take stern action against dawood, who has investme
1st time seeing namo s craze in public reception.. seriously never etongueected this much following of political leader. first hand etongueerience
paradigm change in middle east attitudes to india bravo namo modiin uae
look he find modi unrealistic and finds himself useful there hhahahhaa..isn t he funny
namo craze temp 45 degree.yet 30 minutes to open gate of stadium.
dear narendra modi, please make indian cities safe before attempting smart.
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai.
congress slams modi for targeting previous govt s on foreign soil the prime minister, who is the uae, said, i have got some problem...
who is the brindakhart, naxal cpm has any roll with orop,
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it since india s prime m...
wp how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it since india s pr...
congress gave metro, modi sell dream of bullet amp in turn hiking rail price.
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it si...
companies in uae giving half day leaves 4 modi in dubai. even arranging bus services 4 their staff. this is the kind of ex
pm modi arrives in uae today, says gulf region vital for india
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims arent happy about it from
india will have a bm amp am era before modi amp after modi modi in dubai
according to narendra modi democracy means agreeing with the bjp.
modi sarkar sleeping why is not coperating to the investigation. corrupt modi sarkar.
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai modi in dubai via ani news
my dubai modi in uae crowds gather ahead of indian pms dubai speech
with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceoslist
the land alloted for mandir in abu dhabi is given way back in 2013 when upa govt was in power modi taking credit now
modi ministry modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment
modi ministry pm modi s special package for bihar on august 18 dharmendra pradhan
bjp amp modi badly etongueosed. modi being credit chor is an insult to indians.
had a wonderful meeting with . we talked about several issues amp agreed on need of stronger india uae ties, tweets pm modi
modi in dubai pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae
modi diluting whistle blower act, no lokpal,dubious cvo appointed, killed del acb, i gagged, is killing judicial inde
10 former army chief write open letter to pm modi for one rank one pension
amp see what modi says just to seek with hindus
favour
had a wonderful meeting with . we talked about several issues amp agreed on need of stronger india uae ties, tweets p
3 lakh farmers have committed suicide in india. will modi do something for farmers on 15 aug? or is his govt only for moneyb
for once i agree. intrnl issues shouldn t be discussed abroad. what abt your partymen pleading with us not to grant visa to modi?
tonight i have the privilege to cook dinner in honor of our prime minister shri narendra modi ji.
modiji was waiting for this command, approval from brinda karat. now he has to oblige. my foot..
pm narendra modi being briefed about more aspects of masdar city modi in uae
of all the tags on modi, is best
subramaniam swamy is opportunist nd he didn t get any position so outraging on modi right now nd as usual
a i m happy my india is big man maanniy a nareandra modi ji i am proud of you sir ji ,the god is come to the world.and ones open time in.
what will be modi s response ...
you can follow this page for more real time updates about modi s uae visit
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai photo courtesy ani india tv
despite fact mms took along with him on pm aircraft. journos desperate to see modi fail, losses immense
that is why they are trending jumlababu....
looks like some arabs kidnapped her mom or sis raped them.and asked him bash modi govt just like papp
narendra modi modi in dubai liked it.
sir well someone in gov is not making a date for its implementation and making it a sore point.
indian pm narendra modi becomes first indian pm to visit uae in a really long time. comes back with land for...
this is the stadium in dubai where pm modi will address beloved indians. modi in dubai
modi criticising previous govt on foreign soil may not suit cong but it does suit india building india s image at the cost of cong is fine
retweeted ani
pm narendra modi in his opposition time made exactly same wild suggestions and...
singh ws also a pm nvr heard chants of singh singh then.its a great honour fr us if pm is so popular modi in dubai
long, hot wait for those headed to see modi
we r busy in our past, modi is busy in making future in uae,
we r nashukray , ehsan feramosh log
pm modis mission dawood in uae
how rss plans to raise a nation of adarsh bhakts via
modi offers 1trn investment opportunities
this mosque is abu dhabi s biggest tourist attraction, this is the pm s terracotta army moment no more, no less. htt
good question !!
was that embarrassing when italian was looting?
ed closes nh case. where are modi bhakts who used to criticise me for tweeting truth? had it been others, ed wud hv peeled s
modi govt lacks a coherent communication strategy, which enables sources and competing narratives to take hold
2 visiting nations. pray what in international relations and diplomacy has modi achieved that others haven t?
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment prime minister narendra m...
pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai photo courtesy ani
value of rupee against dollar crossed modi s age!
swaminomics who had unequivocally predicted namo would never become pm, now predicts bjp losing bihar!
a small correction... its not boot licking... its licking..... bloody italian whore bar dancer sonia
wow, look at all of you with all your totally original and oh so funny captions to modi sheikh hug picture.
union minister modis special package for bihar on august 18
pm narendra modi takes a selfie at sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi
247emirates long, hot wait for those headed to see modi
syedarai1 aqpk we r busy in our past, modi is busy in making future in uae,
vivek0728 how rss plans to raise a nation of adarsh bhakts via dailyo
rss org
247emirates modi offers 1trn investment opportunities
kejriwalnagpur ms rana modi uses cbi to give clean chit to his communal friends but etongueects uae to take stern
modi criticising previous govt on foreign soil may not suit cong but it does suit india building india s image at the cost o
aravindnsind rjhaarika crowd chanting ! electrifying atmosphere
pragnik
uae s power and india s potential can make the dream of an asian century a reality pm narendra modi to investors modi in
adilintelb firstpost marhaba namo 50,000 indians etongueected to attend first of its
gandhi rkk rvaidya2000 software guys came changed treatment in immigration counters
sydney to seattle modi h
choredesai vbsingh60 ed closes nh case. where are modi bhakts who used to criticise me for tweeting truth? ha
wtfex amatyakautilya wtfex modi govt lacks a coherent communication strategy, which enables sources and com
jduvikash ani news pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in du
after enchantment of vikas vikas now modi has one enchantment
abuse congress, gain support.
time gap is just 1 yr.
modi chants coming from stadium in na mo in dubai
how may fulfilled or tried to... ?
modi s name crops up in sahara sebi dispute b4 sc. sahara broker he was asked 2 call modi on fixg price 4 property
hindus under attack
pakistan wants to derail modi s mission uae with the help of traitors from india.
to the hell with terrorism.
this is the reason why is the biggest post ambedkar dalit icon of india..
modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment narendra modi
appreciating modi s shows was congress shows their activities like it.earlier celebrities given autograph, now pm giving selfi
7days reader tweeting from cricket stadium where will be giving a speech tonight modi in dubai
pak hackers deface rajasthan acb website, mock army and pm modi claiming india...
for 68 years, govts have given only crutches of reservations to dalits modi nurtures the dalit entrepreneurial spirit!
welcomes you mr modi modi in dubai have a prosperous visit, enjoying the richness in our arabic culture and...
my impression is, pm modi is deaf to petty criticism of his foes, keeping his cool, so as to achieve greater goals improve indian economy
why i m not looking forward to seeing modi in dubai dailyo
the military ignores obama s order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo clive stafford smith
modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment outlook wires
sheikh zayed uae abu dhabi may not buy modi s 1 trillion investment potential bait !
this is what i tweeted yesterday. this what a secular msm dude writes today. so predictable
have patience friends, development will come. modi s power is like god s power an imaginary concept with legions of viole
modiji is the most handsome person i have ever seen modi in dubai modi in uae
modi had already forecasted
new terrorism decade back
modi is an impressive host and guest indeed.
ok. done. and then 10 more to take india to world s supreme power
would you like to confirm or deny this or say something about aj a mean business attutude?
modi tell in uae he got lethargic charge
no indian pm ever thought of visiting a labour camp of blue collared workers modi did, and they called it a pr exercise.
clockwise 4m left
ya ppl sweating like hell still spirits so high just for having glimpse of pm . modi in dubai
india s growth potential and uae s strength together can make this asia s century pm modi modi in dubai
sheikh what s your favourite game?
modi temple run
basic difference between a sevak amp a shasak one earns for nation amp the other one earns for family! proud of namo j
masdarinst indian pm narendra touring masdar inst research labs! modiin uae
pm modi visits uae labour camp, underscores concern over worker welfare
ha ha ha how u all congis are so damn scared of namo...
there are people who don t like modi because he speaks hindi.
those who r criticising modi for visiting mosque r aa ptards and congi handlers in hindu name
mam i am bhakt of rahul gandhi. but i don t know how this is happening i like every good thing of great modi.
admk women wing burns effigy of leader evks elangovan condemning his derrogative comment on meeting in
prime minister narendra modi s linkedln profile is among the mo..
special performance for modi ji in uae
modi modi in dubai cricket stadium, uae never seen such huge amp massive response for any state head like modi in dubai
narendra modi harrowing viral video shows snake left to drown inside bottle to make snake wine snake wine is ...
narendra modi 1 arrested as crews fight montebello hills blaze 30 contained one suffered heat exhaustion, o...
waiting for mr. speech
modi ji is doing all these things for the betterment of every indian wheather he is hindu muslim or any other
cii hails nda govts efforts to curb black money menace
pm modi s reaction after he found missing at independence day parade
jai hind
modi wave in dubai too..great personality.. modiji proud of you modi in dubai
this all for 1.26 billion people via namo pm of india!
host of steps have been taken by the government to tackle black money pm modi
via narendra modi a
can u see the similarities.those protesting for orop behaving like .still on roads after modi assured in front of nation. planted
pm modi accused anti nationalist ngos, of harbouring anti national agenda! but no media highlight.
modi elected by public2serve india amp not dynasty.he is doing what he must do for dridanarayan.congies can keep crying
is this agreement bw sonia amp modi not 2 disrupt parliament next time?
in his first i day speech, pm modi paid tribute to past govts. but when he is abroad, he belittles efforts of mms abv etc.
had a wonderful meeting with . we talked about several issues amp agreed on need of stronger india uae ties, tweets pm modi.
pm modi visits the sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi
don t see india as a market, it s a power pm modi modi in dubai
so world s third largest mosque has been reduced to a mere tourist attraction only coz you hate modi!
our poor pm modi has suffered so much due to the misdeeds of his predecessors that he s forced to wash his dirty linen abroad. modi in dubai
pm modi interacts with indian workers at the icad residential city
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims aren t happy about it
i thank people of mp for reposing their trust in bjp pm modi
on the occasion of pm modis visit, uae government decides to allot land for temple in abu dhabi foreign ministry
mr modi, land for swami narayan temple in uae is donated in july 2013. globe trotter feku
aaptards, cong amp adarsh liberals will need lot of burnol today as well. dubai stadium all set to give grand welcome to pm mo
because modi sleeps and gets fat. no responsiblity.
going live on in a while..come lets chat over dawood, dubai n pm modi s visit.
wow!!! leading d kind of ascetic life modi has led for decades, no wonder he had d prescience of 1 n
crowd management during prime minister narendra modis address in dubai on august 17 is proving to be a logistical nightmare
what does modi ministry have to do here?
modi evoked jai jawan jai kisan in his last i day speech. now, protestors and farmers have got beaten up
somehow i believe in s new model for cricket. it s going to do what did to the game. love to see it
gifts pm shri narendra modi the hindi version of his book
hindi version in namaste pose cover?
many time i think that our leaders amp opposes of modi are so mean minded they can t know, this is ho
many similarities like maggi and modi sarkar
india wants uae as top partner in trade, counter terrorism narendra modi the economic times on mobile
dont worry riots wont happen and if they do let modi handle it, he reduced riots which went on 2 months to zero
som50579 som50579 som50579 stocksmarket in new post lalit modi to he
hehe...we all remember that tirade against modi and bjp for falling short of their promises.
an honour and pleasure to cook for our pm narendra modi ji amp other dignitaries
indian and proud indian cuisine
admk women wing burns effigy of leader evks elangovan condemning his derrogative comment on meeti
pm modis visit to the uae day 1
if only they realized it s an honor for india amp not just modi.
in a rare gesture guard of honor.
modi to speech uae think modi india a god men modi .
125 crore indians a source of power pm modi
stocksmarket in new post lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel dea
declare orop implementation date immediately, brinda karat urges narendra modi
with two ex servicemen launching f
come on! can t give credit to modi for everything and blame to bureaucrats!
dubai cricket stadium.. huge crowd. people chant modi.. modi.. already...
pm modi s special package for bihar on august 18 dharmendra pradhan india news ndtv achedinaanewale
ete extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modi s image ex ongc chief rs sharma criticisin...
this is what i tweeted yesterday. this what a secular msm dude writes today.
what is meaning of vatican,sanskrit known people etonguelain to our pm modi
our pm sri narendra modi what a dynamic man... now world seeing his leadership..
yr ghatia man is going to sprt ghatia congress, lalu co.
y anti bjp who is curpt there in modi govt. whereas all crpt othr side.
here, the one rank one pension issue is etonguelained in detail is modi government getting cold feet?
3novicestonguem modi s special package for bihar on august 18 dharmendra pradhan prime minister narendra modi will an
marhaba namo 50,000 indians etongueected at first of its kind reception for pm modi modiin uae
modi taking grand food party in abroad and in country soldiers are doing hunger strike from last 64 days shameful mr pm
proud of not only mr modi but also of you sir .more power to you sir .
oh nooooo! even swamy39 the great couldnt do anything to gandhis when italian agent modi ji is ruling tongue
good government in india !!!! modi!!!!!modi is a world most important prime minister!!!!!!!!!modi is a best p.m!!!!!
modi...a corrupt person with many faces amp knws v well which face to use in a specific situation...
in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. ..., via
worst weekend 4
modi modi chants in mosque
temple in uae
bjp clean sweep in mp polls, reposes faith in shi
this is crime! no one can treat them like this. they r our saviour. our pride. yes modi must intervene and assure our breavhearts
namo grandpa
has no clue what india s issues are or how to fix them manoj joshi
with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list ndtv
treat the as they deserves
beat them on road
my jihad islam muslims jumla babu bjp rss modi vhp
another very disturbing aspect of the rw and some of modi s ministers is the scant concern to environment.
modi govt is failing the upa govt that de controlled the petrol prices. benefit is not being given to consumers. s
indian pm to focus on make in india campaign in 2 day visit
read more modi in uae htt
pm narendra modi blames past legacy of slow growth congress sees red
just in case you are a blind modi supporter,
when petrol price was 75 per litre india, it was 147 per barrel in inte
pics of stage and seating arrangements.
why baahubali is best thing to happen to india independence day
modi sarkar legalized child labour.
kejriwal sarkar going to rehabilitate beggar kids.
big mafia are running this begging treading in delhi.
good job sir....
how fabulous!
pm modi reaches masdar city the financial mecca of west asia.another step to boost economy of the region modi in dubai
dnt criticize every step of modi. u sound like congress.be different.
it means is not peaceful according to
they took oath dt, will oppose erythg did by modi ji. s
rg called the pm gutless amp on the independence day modi turned yellow his dress that is.
pm modi is performing excellent in foreign countries. we a part of team india are feeling proud for our country.. him
sad cong. backer was underwhelmed by modis i day speech. he was continuously overwhelmed by mms speeches between 2004 13smiley
no surprise modi fans causing trouble
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment top news
modi elected by public2serve india amp not dynasty.he is doing what he must do for dridanarayan.congies can keep crying htt
prime minister modi calls for uae to become indias top ally in trade, counter terrorism.
narendra modi is the great p.m...!!
can u see the similarities.those protesting for orop behaving like .still on roads after modi assured in front of
pm modi to address 50000 indians in dubai tonight 10 developments ndtv
modi you have brain homerage
shout your throat hoarse today ... just go all out with the modi chant smiley
pm narendra modi visits uae mosque in conciliatory gesture to muslims modi in uae
crowd chanting ! namo in dubai modi in dubai
mr modi, land for swami narayan temple in uae is
donated in july 2013. pic.twitter.comiwt6ikjb6f
pm modi visit masdar planned city says science of life via
declare implementation date immediately, karat urges narendra
help stop kerala killing of dogs
my vote for modi is yes
no need for him.
namo amp jai italy are very eagerly licking her italian boots.
had a wonderful meeting with . we talked about several issues amp agreed on need of stronger india uae ties, twe
despite the high temperature and extreme humidity, mood among crowd b4 modi visit is very eclectic. modi in uae
after swachh bharat, govt to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people ht
why no bear hug ?
crowd swell to attend narendra modi s speech at the dubai.
ji ..only 1 institution which is regarded high in india armed forces
don t make it sore issue
pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae the economic times
very good namo sir
good to see sri pm modi remembering what happened and hopeful about justice and law for bad people
i am totally unable to understand modi govts mishandling of
pathetic
insulting to defence forces
donated in july 2013.
pic.twitter.comiwt6ikjb6f
ed decides to close national herald case citing technical reasons.
a tight slap to bhakts who believed in modi jumla.
in dubai! dubai cricket stadium. cross section of india gathered!
crowd at dubai cricket stadium ahead of grand reception chanting modi with tricolor flags modi in dubai
mil chukka hai unako..he gave weapon to say if they can hold thaali why can t modi wear skullcap
interesting
ed scuttling action on nh gt ..in letters to pm.. this is damn serious amp predicted h
modi meets uae pm discusses trade,investment
what an amazing person you are! beautiful thoughts on amp
modi s trip report
documents signed 5
ideas discussed 23
selfies taken 9999 only
suggestion already being made in other forums. everything modi govt does is hyperchankian strategery ...
for first time russia voted against india and modi ji was pleasing obama and stood up with zio
deficit of 34 years? why does indian pm modi embark on a self applauding rhetoric on every foreign tour?
dont flatter yourselves too much, is happy that is courting smiley
. isn t it interesting that almost all the key ministers in modi s cabinet hv either been rejected by the ppl or h
how can chota sell..which cannot be sold by sahara amp roy? funny news.. by starved modia dastards.. tamil nadu
don t want to spend on soldiers. want to spend on those who fund their election campaigns.
after modi s visit to uae islamic terror will take effect involving pak..n dawood
why owaisi s entry into bihar polls may spell disaster for pm modi s mission 185
is narendra modi a dummy prime minister of arun jaitley, now as ed closes national herald case bhakts have started abusing ja
had a wonderful meeting with hhshkmohd. we talked about several issues amp agreed on need of stronger india uae ties, tweets pm modi
isbpl with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list prime minister narendra modi...
foundation with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list
.also modi seems to hv no interest in visiting the islamic caliphate ! .. btw why no diwali celeb
july news from thameemmeem
modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! jumla babu
1herebel mediacrooks ndtv timesnow indiatoday if arabs can hold thali why cant modi hold topi?
we reject it
breaking properties of dawood to be seized in dubai, uae. effect of modi visit.
congress shocked. damad too had properti
you nailed it
economy,railways,infrastructure,roads,transport,real estate,hospitals,hotels,connectivity all improving day by day tha
ed chief who is a relative of diggy scuttling probe in national herald case
modi ji is best in self promotion amp selfies jumla babu
wow modi mania continues .saw videos of people chanting modi modi .he surely has a magnet around modi in dubai
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai tonight 10 developments
prime minister narendra modi s linkedln profile is among the most viewed in india, according to a study by the...
those asking why is traveling should shut up now !!
indian diaspora started preparing for namo s uae visit much in advance. such is the craze of pm modi. modi in dubai
rajdeep sardesai surdesairajdeep swacch bharat failed by muncipal corps in delhi,.
modi has lied about everything
degree
marriage
caste
chest size
black money
tolerance
if you couldn t make it to the dubai international cricket stadium to watch namo make this historic speech, you...
gappu falters! lol.. biting conscience modi ji?
what slanderous agenda.why d hell modi want to project him? he is beyond that. he is saviour hardworking for us
please choose...........
best bjp candidate for bihar cm
1. sahanwash hussain
2. sushil kumar modi
3. shatrudhan sinha
4. ciraj paswan
lalit modi to help sahara in selling its properties in us
how can a terrorist modi will speak on anti terrorism?
modi dawood bhai bhai
watch live narendra modi india prime minister speech at dubai uae telecast on tv channels
i won t stand under the sun, in august, in dubai for even maria sharapova or halwa puri. i salute guys who are waiting
clicking mosque selfie amp getting land for temple...not enough! communal modi communalizing uae with communal dinner
your manmohan never talked. your pappu don t know what to talk. modi is d
modi has zero respect for the post of pm. by peddling lies from red fort on independence day he has devalued independence day.
friend sent me this pic. electrifying atmosphere, thousands waiting outside. modi modi chants all over. modi in dubai
when pm modi visited 5 muslim countries in july, said they aren t real muslim countries. hope uae s cer
i wonder if modi asks these foreign leaders how come you are not following me on twitter?
live on inside the people are chanting modi modi modi namo in uae namoin d ubai
why i m not looking forward to seeing modi in dubai
too much for foreign policy of modi ji. you lost russia as an ally!
last message of general hameed gul to modi before death via
dont treat me like namo to his countrymen.
travel travel travel and not bothered of us.
why protection. they it self ex army and modi told its to be implemented shortly.aap has to set write its home first.
craze for pm from darbhanga to dubai remains the same. historic
check this , our chairman mr. mohan valrani is also present
modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential
count the number of shuttle service buses to the event on sheikh mohammed bin zayed road namo in dubai
these are sponsored slogans amp sloganeers, in agenda of modi,whereever he goes they chant to show his fake popularity!
masdarinst indian pm narendra touring masdar inst research labs! modiin uae saal ek shuruaat anek
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment
modi ji you are great
narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae
pm modi to address 50000 indians in dubai tonight 10 developments namo namo
mom is glued to the tv and waiting for 9.30 pm to watch namo marhaba . narendra modi dubai
hey seculars you cried for namo skipping an iftaar party though he was at work .he visited a mosque . any complaints now ?
pic1 modi giving speech on 15 august 2014 !
pic2 modi giving speech on 15 august 2015 !
modi is responsible for murder of muslims in india rape of indian women u have allotted land 4r temple amp his party babri masjid
can somebody design a modi topi just like nehru topi?
thank you so modi ji for visiting a labour camp in uae is huge. its first firm footstep towards recognising dignity of labour.
modi! modi! euphoric crowd is calling its leader in unison.
pm visits mosque in who refuses iftar or a skull cap offered in doublegame twofaces modi in uae
unthinkable happened!! heart attack for pseculars!
modi visited a grand mosque. wrote in visitor s book.
modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential second lead
you may now kiss modi
where did toi get the information from it doesn t say? secondly, no specific info exclusively about modi s travel etongueenses??
modi comes in at 8
modi visits 25 countries in 15 months
modi ji is great....
i think a great profit and good relation with uae.
a big salute to modi ji....
i have attended over 10 namo rallies in past but nothing bigger than parivartan rally . crowd was humongous amp craze for p
pm modis start up speech at the red fort leaves entrepreneurs elated via
fdi worth 19 billion brought by modi.
also by the end of 2019 he would have stolen 50 billion from india to bjp s election fund.
. pentagon etonguelores alternatives to , including fort leavenworth amp charleston
shame on modi. his govt bjp, rss have zero contribution in makeinindia amp blaming others shows his cheap mentality.
badminton news pm congratulates saina nehwal prime minister narendra modi on monday congratulated ace india...
excellent cause...we treat diff abled people like crap....
pm congratulates saina nehwal prime minister narendra modi on monday congratulated ace indian shuttler saina ...
retweeted narendra modi
i am very thankful to the uae govt for their decision to allot land in...
modi offers 1t investment opportunity to uae investors times of oman. aug 17,...
tcsit wiz open to meeting india s oil needs, says uae on pm modi s trip
great difference in vision and sincerity of service.
if d news on national herald is true.n is being sabotaged by .tym nt only 2 stop modi govt but 2
sir will u follow modi or sir can u favourite my dis post
abu djhabi s land for mandir was alloted during upa s regime in 2013 why is modi taking the credit ??
modi is playing by jai italia s side, who is playing by sonia s side.... 56 kaput !!
what s going on? marhaba namo 50000 indians etongueected to attend first of its get leads gt
1st time in history, tallest building in the world burjkhalifa dubai to be lighting in color of indian.thanks namo.
first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at event in dubai 20 seconds
modi, nominated for nobel piece prize for his efforts to solve problem by manipulating data amp falsehoods.
retweeted rvaidya
u can t appreciate only producing negative feedback shameful
if modi can t respect others, he shd not deserve any respect too.
shame on modi
modi ji joins had with uae to counter terror together on terror but congis and aaptrades join hand for making it modi in dubai
modi says committed to orop veterans seek specific time frame
pm modi foreign tour list...15 25 ...
this is why modi government asking us to give up subsidy ......
right now the only person who is fretting. so much for all that fake propaganda against modi !!!
mr modi could have said like this 125 crore indians minus indian politicians, is a source of great power.
talk modi govt. nihalchand type are more than 2 dozen there in a regional party like aap.
pm modi s t connection in uae? read more
thank pm modi ji for visiting a labour camp in uae is huge. its first firm footstep towards recognising dignity of labour.
narendra modi visits the uae and sheikh nahyan al nahyan, two very cool guys
modi in uae indian diaspora eagerly awaiting a madison square like event via
31 crores in vasundhara raje s account why no resign a gift from lalit modi
modi visited 25countries in past 13mths
with no outcome
fdi growth down
mous signed scrapped
pr
globe trotter feku htt
newly added lalit modi to help subrata roy selling his propertiesus
during my 8 years in the gulf, i haven t seen any other leader having such an event... modi has lost his shine.
king sir what you want to eat?
modi arabi ki sabji
king what?
modi
in love modi in uae
let s see what will happen
uae allots land for temple in abu dhabi
communal modi govt blocks peace progress amp equal opportunity for muslims amp then cons them with owaisi amp sabir ali
im in dubai at the moment at the modi mania is at its peak.entire mallu community of uae seems to have taken the day off today
was communist party doing at the time of upa 1
i m completely sure modi govt will bring orop.. just that he should have given a time frame for the same..
rt jdshastri26 being humor aib comedians
3. bollywood ass
even modi ji talking about development n other things n going to mosque toh start kr de support krna
thank pm modi ji for visiting a labour camp in uae is huge. its first firm footstep towards recognising dignit
ed proves again a lap dog of aj congress.this ll definitely discredit modi s assurance to the public on ccorruption
modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment the pm said all ma...
all d countries namo visited us,japan,china, greeted modiji breaking protocol,so as five princes of uae modi in dubai htt
pm modi urges uae to invest in india bbc news
until recently you guys were telling nothing good came from modi.. now you say funds came but speculate it will be stolen.. wah
thank you so modi ji for visiting a labour camp in uae is huge. its first firm footstep towards recognising di
my first vote is dedicated to pm modi. na mo . feeling proud
na mo struck hard by driving dem out of lutyens. ppl like demolished whatever little credibility they were 1 2
the headline that could not be published in modi s india!!!
independence day
indian muslims will not be harassed tortured in india on constructing repairing masjids, after modi ji return! htt
hindu dehshetgards chanting bomb bomb bole openly to threaten muslims in modi s india.
is this a secular nation?
a hindu temple has been attacked but these bhakts are busy trending namo! what man worshipping!!
pm congratulates saina nehwal prime minister narendra modi on monday congratulated ace indian shuttler saina
s
india is the largest buyer
this is not modi. but u r a chef.
ready namo? smiley
press conference of foreign secretary on the eve of pm modis visit
hasn t modi heard of crankshafts to start up engines ?
did my bit too. went outside and looked at the moon.
hi have a good day
3. investment of 1 trillion
modi in du
what modi will bring back to india other than his showoff from uae.
it s really cool pm modi i have new songs coming in hindi
come on guys its time for modi in dubai gt
bbc 0
reuters 1
modi thinks he can fool the sheikhs with big talk, but the sheikhs know well how to deal with fekus. modi in dubai
bought some fruit today conciliatory gesture to farmers .
pm need not pay any heed to such commies, he has assured and he will implement.
umbrella in one hand suitcase in another.. thats what real namo is.. kudos to this
paid media will rather try to save namo from this humiliation!
pm modi, thank you from my heart for your thoughtful message.
modi can count to infinity twice.
with talks in tajikistan, modi winds up central asia tour
u turn on every thing
modi ji ka india jumla etongueress
what s worse is modi s supporters go into contortions blaming jaitley,ed dir, peon everybody. bhai pm kaun hain?
great...namo fans everywhere
what time it starts ist?
congress has been accused of muslim appeasement by modi when he was cm gujarat amp by bjp since long.
modi visited masjid
read more at...
and they claimed modi wave is officially over modi in dubai
and will write hope modi does the same in india and visit mosque
rammadhavbjp modi in uae indian diaspora eagerly awaiting a madison square like event
my dubai modi in uae marhaba namo as dubai readies for indian pms public address
pm isn t a leader to be debated. modi is on the post on the pleasure of bjp parliamentary party.
pm modi to announce special package for bihar? haven t heard anything, says nitish via
1 trillion investment opportunity in india? what about roi for investors?
don t be surprised at the timing of bangkok blast just before modi speech in uae .... world attention diverted.
thanx for sharing ...feel of modi s presence in the air ...some fragrance is airing here too smiley
a gift dedicated to modi s mother.hats off akbar saheb modi in dubai
true..! smiley
. verey nice man all indian worker leader modi namastha
modi can count to infinity twice. jumla babu
if modi ji goes into mosque what will haphappen
50,000 register for speech at stadium that can seat 25,000
if arvind can do bijli, paani free, what is the problem with modi govt,start pension now do calculations later!
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp jammu the j amp k nationalist congress party ...
pm modi to announce special package for bihar? haven t heard anything, says nitish patna with bjp leaders cl...
modi only vocal and his teammate jaitley is like p.chittambaram
there will be those who will think that it is about him modi demanding a temple or pushing a religious agenda....
modi jee went to mosque at uae because he is hindu and very minded person.
today i m very proud you visited mosque so agar muslims ka koi hai toh sirf modi hai. proud. modi in uae
its marhaba namo in
gates open at 4pm ji will begin address at 8pm. modi in dubai
how foolish amp pathetic! renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar amp we support shamelessly. it is not greatest jumla of 21st century?
india inc lauds government s moves against black money
come on guys its time for
modi in dubai gt
what a great personality of our pm .we indians are proud of world leader na mo.
breaking vineet jain of times now tweets on fm channel auctions . narendra modi s message has hit home
this is modi s effect modi in dubai namo in dubai
what s worse is modi s supporters go into contortions blaming jaitley,ed dir, peon everybody
last time cong had said tht where ever modi will go they wl send a corrupt person or a presstitute to rebut modi s statements. where is he?
during elections, namo barked alott on gujarat cheapest model. why not trying jumlas in other countries.
pm to address indian diaspora at 9smiley0 pm today in dubai cricket stadium
modi gov t has failed to revive the economy, despite sharp fall in oil gold prices amp good monsoon .
juma babu two sectors boom in modi raj beef etongueort industry and international travel operators.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai tonight 10 developments via
irrespective of occasion or place modi blatantly peddles lies.traitor media shamelessly promotes his lies. soon we will be a nation of liars
is dis anothr hit job...usualy hapns wen modi z outside..
unprecedented crowds at the cricket stadium in hours before speech. shows his popularity.
namo in dubai
100 in a crowd of thousands chanting modi ? very poor paid indeed.
. perhaps someone should find a way for modi to visit mecca can arrange ? like mosque mosque na raha..!!
india inc s hopelessness with modi is justified.
anti indian bjp
modi does everything wid pol motives. had modi visited mosques in india, his uae mosque visit wouldn t have attracted criticism
sahara chief has asked lalit modi to sell his hotel amp assets in london! wow! as per govt he is a fugitive amp sahara chief is tr
modi in dubai, breathless wait for namo speech today.
photo album pm modi in uae on rediff
good modi ji... you are proving that modi means man of developing india....
india pm narendra modi ji going uae great city. i have a drime in cityyyy
after all requests amp plea, modi govt. is in inactive, spellbound character. identifying fe
why the surprise? modi and indian opportunism at work! they want the arabs cash!
nitish accuses pm modi of misleading bihar on special status issue continuing his tirade against prime minist...
hiiiiii modi sir....i like sooo much your job
pm modi to announce special package for bihar? havent heard anything, says nitish with bjp leaders claiming ...
modi visited shiekh zayed mosque
return gift indian community get temple land in abu dhabi
mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, u turns and flip flops, including on orop is talking about indecisiveness.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai tonight 10 developments ndtv
in 2014 modi ji said he has 56 inch chest in 2019 modi ji will say he has body like john abraham
1. modi made 100 days promise
2. hm made 100 days promise
3. no black money recovered yet
4. not enough done
magic at work
not sure if hearing i studied your guantnamo case when i was in law school should make me feel cool, proud, or old.
make balanced statements, don t embarrass pm modi vhp to leaders after a barrage of controversial statement...
25k strong crowd is euphorically shouting modi modi modi chants.. atmosphere is super electric!! namo in dubai
rss, hdl aur bjp bhakts desh chodke virat hindu nation nepal jate hue after modi ji visited a mosque in uae..
everyone knows that these are 1000 gujjus who were flown to dubai just to chant modi modi..
thank god modi did not visit thailand recently or else ppl like wud have correlated blasts as reaction to guj riots!
via narendra modi
u r so funny lol.
u got scared of modi.
isi amp hafeez both creating terror outfits with pigs
prince of uae modi in uae
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment im satish kajla, a hindu by birth, but im a mu
modi allowed bloodshed of muslims in india but is clicking selfies with sheikhs abroad! hypocrite!
they were the main source of foreign exchange
blow to modi!
namo would rock in bihar tomorrow.
coz there was no hope ..and namo gave them hope ..
if you are in dubai and have not received an invite for the modi event, then you are nobody there. every friend seems to be heading there.
word cloud of tweets about lalit modi lalit gate in the last 24 hour s .
takes a of free
wach out for the leftist to attribute this to everything but modi sarkar effort to bring black money!
can modi afford to neglect orop .i appeal to countrymen for support
modi should understand army men are on aar par ki jang for orop.
no that modi s choice, that were should he go.
same here.
modi hi
sheikh i have a boyfriend.
slow, steady, and sensible modi s new approach to reviving india s banks quartz
programs launched under modi government since may 2014
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai tonight 10 developments prime minister narendra modi will today address a massive indian...
we are all electrified by the ongoing development scenario that is sweeping through out india thanks to modi s sustained efforts
indian pm modi in mideast modi focuses on foreign investments inindia
neither times now nor aaj tak or headlines today debated modi raising sale of fm channels in his speech just saying
thank you uae. modi in dubai ht
with due respect these are all indians. modi is a global leader for sure of indians, he gives us smthng to be proud of
attention modi bhakts and spread word
modi must have ordered the rain
i added a video to a playlist modi in uae pm visits sheikh zayed grand mosque, clicks selfie
modi woos uae says india has 1 trillion investment potential prime minister narendra modi on monday wooed to...
modi meets abu dhabi crown prince prime minister narendra modi on monday held a meeting with crown prince of ...
modi didn t want to use them as vote bank like u. ganga gaye gangaram o
modified crowd modi in dubai namo in dubai h
shame on modi. his govt bjp, rss have zero contribution in makeinindia amp blaming others shows his c
middle class or lower middle class prefers people like indira , bala saheb or modi . being democratic here means you r weak.
further evidence that bjp is in lalit modi s pocket
modi in uae pm visits sheikh zayed grand mosque, clicks selfie via
read tweet carefully..she is abusive on pm na mo s father, damodardas modi.. o o
modi wishes to bury his communalist baggage amp build on india s pluralistic image amp highlight islam s role in history
agree.. could have been handled better.. when principally it s approved a fix deadline would give confidence
who is trending ??
could be bhakts only as there is no trend to counter ??
bhakts are upset with ?
modi sarkar doing sibbal on corruption and punishing congress.
modi meets abu dhabi crown prince
sir, nitish snub modi when everyone was prostrating to him, it s only fair that nitish gets muslim vote. pls don t spoil bihar.
lionking modi is going to roar at 8.50pm tonight in dubai yupiiii
pm modi in uae india, uae agreed to set revised tgt of increasing trade by 60 in 5 years india uae
india s modi visits united arab emirates dw news for more go to
by the by how many schools modi ji rahul ji running with their money?! how many hospitals?!
tough to say if is modi or sakshi mp or neeranjan jyoti or giriraj mp. i feel he is a potent cocktail! meaning, a dick!!!
today first time bjp spokesman was very good n cong spokesman was totally confused. modi s mosque visit is not issue at all.
spotted a fan in namo t shirt
the speech narendra modi should have made this independence day by
greatly impressed by the hospitality our pm mr. modi got in uae . a proud, vibrant nation with a progressive society. thanks uae.
congress cant digest modi s success and popularity.
. 34 years,it might as well hv been a pm visit. modi did not meet sheikh khalifa,abu dhabi s ruler,whereas advani met sheikh zayed.
pm modi in uae india, uae announce strategic partnership in the energy sector india uae
modi is a changef man now as he sought repentence of sins he committed in engineering gujrat pogrom by way of...
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in emirates 24 7
taking modi history gyan seriously at your own risk !
pm modi in uae india amp uae agree to establish infra investment fund of 75 bn
india today marhaba namo in dubai 10 things you must know.
since independence no one talked about toilets. modi did. but of course it is jumla. laughing
today first time bjp spokesman was very good n cong spokesman was totally confused. modi s mosque visit is
. which has humiliated bharat for 10y by bootlicking a mafia italian talking about modi comment? s
live pm narendra modi arrives in dubai on the second leg of uae visit
500000 5lacs crs 1,00,00,000 deal with uae modi in uae
mean s rs 50,00,00,00,00,000
modi government rocks
renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, are majority of indians forgotten patriotism? is is most humiliating to bharat mata!
namo supporters across the section
s mr. bean . he s overdoing the selfies. even is too embarrassed to post them.
we welcomes narendra modi, pm of india in uae! modi in uae
the mosque in uae where modi stepped inside should be cleaned gusul with m s of gallons of water. terrorists aint allowed there jumla babu
5 statement that shook
click here know more
we lost that narendra modi who once sat in aap ki adalat amp roared to the world that pakistan ko uski bhasa main jawaab dena hoga
modi in uae marhaba namo as dubai readies for indian pm s public address emirates 24 7
pm is on a mission
sad cong. backer was underwhelmed by modis i day speech. he was continuously overwhelmed by mms speeche
pm is desperate to etongueloit the small rupture in ties to amp saudi arabia over . a policy based on
amazing scenes in dubai, 75,000 indians heading to the cricket stadium today and not a bat or ball in sight
this open letter from an engineer to prime minister narendra modi is going viral on facebook via
it s to gd for indian s the new begins with pm modi
thankful to akbar saheb for the touching gesture. great meeting him. yay akbar got it to
pm modi in uae india, uae will cooperate in peaceful uses of nuclear energy india uae
be assured their wl be business news of adani from gulf in this week. his efficient business developement manager
after 34 years our indian govt goes to uae. now we see modi ji sucess our lpg formula.now days, all foriegn country is great frnd of india
pm modi in uae india, uae will promote cooperation in space incl joint dvpt,satellite launch india uae
inside the people are chanting modi modi modi namo in uae namoin d ubai via
marhaba modi. lion roaring
stadium full crowds chanting modi modi..live from stadium
pm modi interacts with 300 indian workers in abu dhabi
seen earlier pm at the shiekh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi modi in uae
pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae the times of india
modi inherited an empty gajana after the 10 years of corrupt congress rule.
pm modi may never hv gone to mosque in ind but he did in uae. he may never fulfill his poll promise of building a bhavya r
marhaba namo in dubai 10 things you must know via
we lost that narendra modi who once sat in aap ki adalat amp roared to the world that pakistan ko uski bhasa main jawaab dena
som50579 stocksmarket in new post lalit modi connection emerges in sahar
mr modi, who has a laundry list of gaffes, blunders, u turns and flip flops, including on is talking about indecisiveness
modi innocent in guj riots..now..lick your pappu ass..hahaha..you proved your party wrong again
after cursing modi for two years continuously, nitish is waiting impatiently?a kick in the pants is all he must get instead
i am sure modi s uae visit will surly boost the economy, cultural and social ties between india and uae.
namo has g
why cong is jealous of modi who is attaining great hight in foreign policy for nation s better tomorrow?
the mosque in uae where modi stepped inside should be cleaned gusul with m s of gallons of water. terrorists aint allowed th
have you seen what modi s uae visit means an insider view on rediff yet?you should... and now
omg! sir you are great to be a part of pm modi s team working without break
after seeing left pic bhakts right wants modi to stop tweeting further selfies
when modi bad mouth abt d govt which put india in d world map as world 3rd largest economy wt do ppl in other country think abt him?
save avinashi lingam ache din modi government talks big about girl empowerment but this is how it could shoulders and imporant instituteion
addresses at
modi sarkar legalizes child labour from 14 18. big difference.
vyapam probe requested by govt itself, a nvr before initiative.
yet its not modi govt. allegations. nw come to sushma case...??
india big mkt with 125 crore people modi in uae making an appeal to businessmen to invest in india, prime mi...
pm modi in uae india, uae to strengthen defence relations via exercises amp defence mfg india uae
1. now people s etongueectations from modi govt has reached all time high.every one etongueects from modi govt.to do some miracle.
they write what they paid for
you hv got some awesome replies...
modi us 1 trillion is a big amount but added that such investments can come to india ! jumla babu first lets close 15 lacs account.
pm modi in uae india,uae to strengthen cooperation in law enforcement, anti money laundering india uae
these jumlas r a function of gud intent n ideas! why were the earlier governments unable 2 comebup with any jumlas? cheers na mo
in fact ,the modi wave is rising day by day not only out of india but in india also.the delhi defeat was one off.
undoubtedly da bestest moves was for jumme ki raat n the very beginning namo narayan n also macez lift..superb
marhaba namo ! what does that mean ?
renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, are majority of indians forgotten patriotism? is is most humiliating to b
when modi bad mouth abt d govt which put india in d world map as world 3rd largest economy wt do ppl in other country think ab
prime minister narendra modi said today, uae s power and india s potential can make the dream of an asian century a reality.
.arun jai italy does it again keep dreaming that you can make congress mukt or corruption mukt bharat.
shows a like saniv chaturvedi can make even the govt bend. it s pathetic they way he was treated
it s 43 degree in dubai,wait for more heat in dubai as well as in india cong whn namo will address the duba indians in dubai ! modi in dubai
difference between marketing and sales
read speeches of i day 2014 and i day 2015
modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae real estate
lamo modi need to learn to act repesnting pm status amp country while abroad visit nt party leader
should they directly??
i can undertand your hatred for modi maybe your ngo got blacklisted destroying ur steady income smiley
uae economy minister says uae open to meeting any demand of oil from india after meeting pm modi modi in uae via
mr modi not sure when you will strt representing urself as pm of india it always sounds like spokesperson of bjp na mo,
meaning of hindutva these days join bjp, write staunch hindu in your bio, and do namo jaap.change dp to god amp abuse anti namo
mr modi is a space age politician. one year ago, clearly, he promised us the moon.
marhaba namo is being hailed as unprecedented in history of the uae, first time a head of state has been allowed receptio
narendra modi s obsession of taking selfies is disturbing. he should stop it.
modi us 1 trillion is a big amount but added that such investments can come to india ! jumla babu first lets close 15
gt gt gt gt dubai based artist views modi through portraits lt lt lt lt lt
...wt historical links r u talking abt ? modi has a history of mass killings of muslims in his country.
modi s politics is based on criminality,he flourishes on blood of weak everything stronger is god,hindu mythology
u love him u hate him but the fact is namo has mesmerized indians globally to feel proud amp walk with head held high respect
lawmakers have to enact some sensible laws now... can we request a overhauling of our constitution by sh modi?
goondaraj in politics spearheaded by encounter specialist bjp enforced by bjp allies
modi issued license to violence
wasting time on modi dubai visit.
your standards gone?
modi visits sheikh zayed grand mosque, meets indian workers
im in dubai at the moment amp the modi mania is at its peak.entire mallu community of uae seems to have taken the day off
visit to a gulf arab nation at uae grand mosque, modi hails peace, harmony inherent in islam the indian etongueress
i don t watch ndtv. orop will happen come what may. it s a namo vow. let him assess the whole thing before he takes his call.
woaaah.....
meet narendra modis mosque man who made the sheikhs roll out red carpet for pm.
u love him u hate him but the fact is namo has mesmerized indians globally to feel proud amp walk with head held high respec
modi up close and personal with indian etongueats in uae!
45degrees heat for 56 inch chest modi.coolbreeze.jai
congress hits out at pm modi for his barb on foreign soil that he inherited lethargy from previous govts
sirji she is a big time chaplus of modi .... land for temple allotted in 2013 ... upa 2 govt?
welcome to the ! now that s a selfie. modi tweets selfie with sheikh nahyan and dr gargash via
1.25cr population is not just market to be etongueloited but a strength by itself. pm modi
. modi sure made a big deal about it. his most popular tweet by s favs in recent times...for a reason
modi s politics is based on criminality,he flourishes on blood of weak everything stronger is go
full text of ex service chiefs letter to pm on
first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at event in dubai.
divide and rule .. see this
this is a sick headline. do not editorialise a genuine bilateral state visit. moreover, don t demean india s pm. s
pm modi rides self driving car in masdar, world s first zero carbon city
power sector india modi visit builts new momentum for india uae ties, economy minister says uae s power and ...
had a wonderful meeting with . we talked about several issues amp agreed on need of stronger india uae ties, tweets
mania grips . people are brave hot weather to listen to visionary
globe trotter feku
modi promised for corruption and voila every bjpian doing it s best. and modi loving it.
modi in uae marhaba namo as dubai readies for indian pm s public address
modi in uae indian pm takes a tour of masdar city
targeting previous governments on foreign soil
renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, is it not anti national amp treason to indian state?
watch amp understand y modi never goes for ifthar. he never does amp s a genuine reason.
are same, who criticized modi ji for crushing cong as never before in 2014 war
mediaone tv will be discussing the visit of prime minister narendra modi to uae. me too will be there. watch, welcome.
stadium full crowds dancing to bollywood songs..live from stadium
modi visits uae labour camp, underscores concern over worker welfare
this is why namo is namo
by the way road blocks are created , it is necessary for modi govt. to bypass or figuratively develop flyovers or overshoot them.
live science is life, pm writes at masdar city addresses investors meet
rename bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, are majority of indians forgotten patriotism? is is most humiliating to bharat
i agree
pm modi and mp cm shivraj took to twitter to thank voters for bjp s sweeping victory in the state s poll
modi visiting in uae. it will be one of your worst nightmare. hahaha
undoubtedly da bestest moves was for jumme ki raat n the very beginning namo narayan n also ma
meaning of hindutva these days join bjp, write staunch hindu in your bio, and do namo jaap.change dp to god amp abuse anti n
an article which is slightly old, but the author has valid points on why modi govt should fight graft aggressively
i see lot of changes in the conduct of indian embassy in france after modi came to power.
mr. kulkarni u please go and do daily namaz for ur sickularism. namo dont need ur cheap suggestions.
wat is timing of namo s speech in dubai?
sanghis amp islamic fundies have a common cause against secularism. nepali muslims asking for hindu raj is a recent eg
pm modi warned citizens about the hidden amp anti national agenda of anti national ngos.
dubs cricket staduium welcomes pm modi
marhabanamo
pm modi in uae india, uae to cooperate in counter terrorism ops, intelligence sharing india uae
great news
our hea iest greetings and regards for modi ji, with his effo s a hindu temple in dubai will be a reality
long queue of modi supporter on the way of rally ground ie dubai cricket stadium
it was modi modi chanting yesterday in a mosque in abu dabhi..
today all roads lead to dubai cricket stadium. glad to see a super turnout to hear modi ji.
renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, are majority of indians forgotten patriotism? is is most humiliating ??
pm modi in uae india,uae to work together to control, regulate amp share info on flow of funds india uae
i am sure ppl won t come taking so much hardahip and waiting under 45 dgree sun heat.. imposaible.. this love is only for modi namo in dubai
why cong dynasty will end when india prospers and how pm modi can bring this about. fine piece by
everything possible for him, just believe on namo...
15th aug empire state towr usa went tricolour. this is namo effect.
nation is proud of u hon ble pm ji htt
govts for 68 years have always focused only on agriculture, modi proposes a structural revolution to include farmer s developm
on india biz india has 1 tn investment potential, modi tells uae business get leads gt
modi shud resign amp order mid term poll.he has forfeited his mandate after u turn on orop amp many other demands.
pessimism is an industry in lutyens and the only product that they manufacture is modi hatred challenges them f
45degrees heat for 56 inch chest m
after 67 years of independence 40 of indians still had no bank accounts, in 1 year 17 crore indian families have bank account
sir, wait for a few more days amp modi ji will be 1st pm to visit antarctica as well. talent smiley
modi is like you if you too join it will be great for both countries its people
.lage raho, aaptards. we will move ahead under modi leadership
namo and bjp just lost 10000 votes real chaos at the stadium for entry. organizers adding to the chaos
excellent mashallah ! modi magic modi in dubai
lathicharged used by brit raj on peaceful protestors. modi govt uses police brutality to abuse indians too.
we stand with veterans
development pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae times of india times ...
sirji she is a big time chaplus of modi .... land for temple allotted in 2013 ... upa 2 govt? ht
businesses in uae can partner india s growth pm modi
i mean so jaggu pappu can accuse modi of riots..fake things can be created by anyone
modi! modi! euphoric crowd is calling its leader in unison
i am sure ppl won t come taking so much hardahip and waiting under 45 dgree sun heat.. impossible.. this love is only for modi namo in dubai
modi starts a fire by rubbing two ice cubes together modi lies
given complicated scenarios emerging out of middle east, time is not far when likes of modi,sharon,netanyahu will...
rss with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list
please post more pictures of crowds nd stadium whenever u access twitter again very eager to see enthusiasm of people nd modi.
let us kill the mystery and name the trojans. arun jai italy is the snake in modi s cabinet.
shourie s critique is simple modi does not need a palaniappan jaitley as fm
hahahahahaha, gd joke... tonguem modi in uae india,uae to strengthen cooperation in law enforcement,anti moneylaundering india uae
india ready for 1 trillion dollar investment, modi tells uae investors
abu dhabi, aug 17 uni prime minister...
i am sure ppl won t come taking so much hardahip and waiting under 45 dgree sun heat.. impossible.. this love is only for m
modi offers 1trn investment opportunities in housing,railways and tourism .
jai ho namo the great pm
the only aim of congress is not to let modi work. if he could work congress would be o more in the country.
contribution of modi here is zero.. big zero..
pm narendra modi interacts with indian workers, at icad residential city
modi effect. for the 1st time.
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in emirates 24 7 cricket news
acid inducing moment for adarsh liberals embassy says no to exhibition but modi reaches out directly to this admirer
india uae 75bn infra investment fund setup ...huge...pm modi s dream of will get impetus now.
ten former service chiefs write to pm narendra modi seeking justice on implementation of one rank one pension
the arabs can move beyond the past and develop constructive engagements with pm modi, but indian politicians can t modi in dubai
the stadium is fully packed by people..biggest gathering evee for modi modified dubai
i have a dream......
to
see
picture
where
he is not
staring
at
the
camera
for kind information
modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment
read
one honest q !!!!!
did namo got such nice msg copied
from mobile sms or cheating sheets
provided by his advisers
amazing lalit! a finger in every pie.
message to investor by modi come amp grab land of poor. i will strongly help u. habitual snatcher of land. gujarat model
one rank and one pension had promised by hon. prime minister shri narendra modi je and it must be finalized without any further delay
lalit modi reaction to this picture ... globe trotter feku
word cloud of tweets about pm narendra modi in the last 24 hour s .
the arabs can move beyond the past and develop constructive engagements with pm modi, but indian politicians can t
well congress will come out now and say modi etongueorted 30000 people for the event.
the sycophantic tweets with hashtag modi in qatar is pukeworthy. really.
did know arvind kejriwal has deployed so many social media trolls to defame modi ji hahaha!! ironyof kejribaba.
akbar saheb, artist has created a series of 12 portraits of pm reflecting on his achievements
pm modi s frequent foreign tour seems as strategies4peace security prosperity harmony curbing terrorism in d world amp 4 own nation.why doubted?
ed sealed two singapore bank accounts of lalit modi
modi sarkar is as spineless as a maggi noodle. it has been neutralised in 2 minutes flat.
mediaone tv will discuss the visit of prime minister narendra modi to uae 9 tonight. me too will be there. watch, welcome.
inability of the political leadership leaves us dismayed former defence chiefs write to pm modi demanding orop
marhaba namo in dubai 10 things you must know
i think modi is not a kind of person who give up these issues, and congys knowing this still disturbing ls, shame
pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae via
perturbed over high handed treatment against veterans on august 15 former defence chiefs write to pm modi demanding orop
there is an immediate possibility of 1 trillion dollars of investment in india, pm modi says via
q amp a pm modis visit to the non resident nris in the
stadium of dubai fully packed for modi.
isbpl marhaba namo in dubai 10 things you must know all roads on monday evening in dubai would...
celebrate independence day with fervour darul uloom tells madrasas modi effect!
modi will speak to people in dubai at around 9pm via
modi in masdar one trillion dollar investment possible in india
one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu
here also our pm modi got the patent it seems for his selfies !!
we are a nation to be proud of amp narendra modi has placed us at the right pedestal across the world
marhaba modi. lion will roar in few hours from now.
update at 5pm, almost half of the stadium reserved for general admission is already occupied.
dubai stadium half packed hours before modi s speech india photos
dubai stadium half packed hours before modi s speech
great job modi sir
hahahahahaha, gd joke... tonguem modi in uae india,uae to strengthen cooperation in law enforcement,anti moneyl
rohit sharma s last 11 innings 4,0,11,5,5,0,0,4,4,9,4
pm modi ji announces bharat ratna for his consistency.
woah!!! how the hell did modi manage to get uae to back india for the unsc permanent seat??? surprise is this a hoax???
truth hurts, i can understand. u dont suggest any thing sir,bcoz bhakts r in ful hangovr on
well done modi minister ! national herald case ed finds no proof against sonia, rahul gandhi bjp con
christymathai modi us 1 trillion is a big amount but added that such investments can come to india ! jumla babu first lets close 15 l
pm modi takes a tour of masdar city in abu dhabi via
acid inducing moment for adarsh liberals embassy says no to exhibition but modi reaches out directly to this admirer ht
one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu the indian etongueressone trillion dollar...
good to see indian pm visiting labor camp in but must do more on recruiters, c
modi ji went to uae to ensure even they don t beat us in cricket!
latest one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu the indian etonguere... indian news
modi in dubai live thousands queuing up outside to enter the stadium
want to etongueloit real estate at all railway stations in india pm modi
if indira gandhi were alive today, she would have supported narendra modi. modi in dubai
there is no question of alliance in bihar amit shah via
majority indian labour community in uae comprises of keralites. most are muslims. for pm modi, they are just indians
us based hindu students to honour pm modi for spreading awareness about yoga ,golfswing
i think the media walas want to divert attention from today s event of namo. want to create an outrage on twitter .
this is shameful. none of the pms ever did. but modi is used to of this
we strongly condemn this under shri rajiv gandhi strong condemnation fifteen year plan
latest one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu the indian etonguere...
only half packed..means no modi wave..
cries of modi! modi! modi! i thought that kind of reception was reserved for sachin! modi in dubai
marhaba namo.... welcome narendra modi function at dubai live in janam tv from 8 pm ist onwards.. pm is etongueected...
50,000 indians to attend marhaba namo in dubaimodi, who is on a two day visit to the un...
newest digital diplomacy trend? cartoon diplomacy mastered by and now trialled by china
modi having beef fry amp kubbs from dubai. modi in dubai
pm modi attends roundtable meeting with business leaders at masdar city
see how indian ex army officers cursing nerender modi
sg s statement got signed and is ready for issue. modi s uae visit a failure.
modi visited kazakhstan it is not muslim enough .
modi in uae got temple land it was already decided .
pseculars will keep cribbing!
it reflects more on modi s lack of maturity n stature than on the opposition.. he is etongueosing his
all over every one wanna have glimpse of na mo wanna hear na mo wanna see na mo wanna cheer na mo...
yes. namo is great last 34 years india uae
no one in govt claimed credit when uae donated land for gurudwara and hindu temple in 2013..
giriraj singh indian muslims go to pak . modi dubai muslims give us business.
first degree c everything 1st in modi visited islam country .brush ur memory at 10 janpath. modi in dubai h
pm modi at the door steps of islamic countries, the most hated community in his lifetime.
modi ji ur great person in politics.
india is a land of many opportunities. come, etonguelore the rich potential amp invest pm modi
modi shud resign amp order mid term poll.he has forfeited his mandate after u turn on orop amp many other demand
pseculars will
rt rickysinha 5forty3 this is the reason why narendramodi is the biggest post ambedk
narendra modi s one to one meeting with his highness sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi
pm meets pm discusses trade, investment
it s chilling time of namo in abudabi
this news may not be true.. some reaction for swamys letter to namo..
pm reaches to of , which can provide input to conceptualize modi s dream of smart citi in india
no indian primeminister on an overseas visit has ever created such attention for india as pm modi has done since assuming office.
narendra modi holds talk with uae crown prince
does this idiot mean modi is working under pressure?
crowd screaming modi modi in mosque.
just want to confirm, is islam in danger or safe?
just came across your article here
this is shameful. none of the pms ever did. but modi is used to of t
new era starts of friendship between india and uae thanks namo
sheikhzayed mosque orgnizer tells media first time ilisten that the peopleshouting modi insteadof azaan modi in dubai htt
ed finds no proof against sonia, rahul this proves instead of namo jai italy chant works
cus ya int getting namo
how modi s extra push could kickstart economy
when the upa government had approved in 2014 itself why is modi government not implementing it???
indian msm focussing on news other than namo s dubai visit. means the visit is going great and favorable to india.
assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord gogoi has asked pm modi to clarif...
assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord
achievements that modi mentioned. jan dhan was a one time push. toilets prettu sure followup won t happen to make sure they r used
how many messes? how many gyms? how many massage parlours? kuch nahin!1 keeps going to the parliament other abroad!
assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord gogoi has asked pm modi to clarify whether t...
i like the narendra modi video on narendra modi via
bihar yeaning for complete transformation can modi be the answer? via
isbpl assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord gogoi has asked pm modi to clarify whet...
eth assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord gogoi has asked pm modi to clarify whether the i...
umoron talking of politic.influence in modi s sarkaar.this is a slap on u amp all other like minded people s
thanks modi ji. we wish you happy onam greetings in advance
so early ? modi ji etongueected to speak around 9smiley0 pm ist. no ??
now it narrowed to not attending iftar.. once modi will do that, prob will be, he isn t eating beaf
modi works on trp model,whenever it is low he organises a huge pr event.
dubai welcome to arrah mr. modi
matlab mandir modi k prayas se ho rha hai joke of the day
thats congis, aaptards, presstitutes who will never like anything only coz its modi modi in dubai
his critics were right...modi has no influence outside gujarat... modi in dubai
sheikh zayed mosque orgnizer told media persons first time i listen that the peoples shouting modi modi instead of azaan
pm modi ghumte rahenge till indian rs will go down up to 100
125 crore people is not just a market, theyre a power. modi in uae
modi in dubai long, hot wait for those headed to marhaba namo emirates 24 7
bee good for pm modi ji lge rho bhai
democrats continue to delude themselves about obamas failed guantnamo vow by
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb
nobody can beat modi in marketing india ... nobody in the world may have done such a job in 12 months. but ground reality in india same
pm modi s special package for bihar on august 18 ...
good news for lgbt activists in the country. looks like mr. modi is warming up to the idea.
modi have proved that he is unbounded modi in dubai
modi becomes first indian prime minister to visit the uae in 34 years
chants heard in dubai stadium
yem
woh
dee
i
modi !! modi !!
migrant workers in uae vulnerable to human rights abuses on modi in dubai
they call lalit modi bhagoda from law tho no court case filed against him.never called mf hussain bhagoda.didn t he have
waiting for namo in dubai. crowd is very excited. chanting
true! my course group getting agitated! all sorts of rumours floating in whatsapp defence groups! modi bashing not orop anymore
any idea
all nris can have e votes in indian elections. is namo going to announce it in modi in dubai s grand event?
it s the laves...nothing to do with islam
well .. sonia won under modi govt .. national herald case was just a joke ??
modi trying to pleased sheikh
bjp gvt in state should be answerable! what is modi doing? lol!
allegations of sr bjp leaders yashwant sinha, mm joshi, sushil modi of having supported ranveer sena. anti dalit bjp
htt
skepticalcreenname modi only vocal amp his teammate jaitley is like p.chittambaram
lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals business standard news
pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims
pls include riots also in this agreement. muslims of india is facing terrorist of riots.
digest this wasting of people s hard earned money to nurture one language! stop hindi imposition
now wait for media spin after advani, a diehard namo bhakt calls him event manager. all glitter, no substance.
nobody can beat modi in marketing india ... nobody in the world may have done such a job in 12 months. but ground reali
bihar yeaning for complete transformation can modi be the answer?
true
modi offers 1 trillion investment to uae
via inshorts
my bro got a leave n now going to attend modi marhaba
after pm modi, friend prashant raghuvamsham bureau chief asianet seems to be high in public demand!
the vast majority are already hugely disillusioned with this incompetent , incapable modi sarkar.it has congenital deficienc
about 50k crowd registered to attend modi. that s a huge number .well huge stocks of burnol needed too here .
i am both happy and sad, since the day modi is in dubai, no bhakt called me a bloody muslim bimbo with a fake hindu name
kahan ho tum sab?
south australia offers to assist govt in its clean ganga campaign
ommmg. excited nakos training namo sa soccer yeaaaaa
even modi has won elections so winning election is different thing
live pm modi in uae takes a dig at past govt draws congress ire via
south australia extends support to pm modis pet project of clean ganga
dont care no more, we will get off and run in 48c to see namo! modi in uae
australia to participate in govt s clean ganga programme, to assist in capacity building
only bjp followers????
why are u emphasising on the negatives wouldn t it be better if u highlight the positives! modi in uae modi in dubai nn
shame on modi sarkar who said they will wipe out corruption. next time i will rather vote congress!
woos , says has 1 trillion investment potential
modi from redfort goi saved 6000 crores after 20 lakh people surrendered lpg subsidiary can anybody challenge his claim
i m from a defence family! very inciting posts calling modi names,glee that even in dubai ppl supporting veterans !
pm modi said i will go back india when need me for lecture and lambi lambi fekhna hoga
most of the people here have converted from hinduism to modi ism.badluck !
first time in indian defence history namo giving more interest on army, but these ppl r !!!!!!!
modi shames india by attacking previous govts amp dishonouring martyrs because he is ashamed to be an indian.
narendra modi ji giving his signature on a touch screen modi in dubai
extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modi s image ex ongc ... economic times
happy to see muslims killer modi in uae!
ye dil mange more modi in dubai
sir, wait for a few more days amp modi ji will be 1st pm to visit antarctica as well.
guys check modi sarkar is as spineless as a maggi noodle. it has been neutralised in 2 minutes flat.
one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi
shared from google news amp weather
pm modi warned citizens about the hidden anti national agenda of such ngos! ?
timeline of the riots in modis gujarat
if read already pl share
h
4 all oppositions,congis,media also know the ability of modi govt that certainly will keep their crying in fear.
namo in dubai they are excited and waiting for . i can here the cheer modi, modi modi
i appreciate our p.m modi ji for his visit to uai ...
another case of marketing guys delivering the goods and the operations guys warming the chairs tongue
craze for namo has no bounds modi in dubai almost 5hours before his speech crowds have gathered in scorching heat
mr. modi did a good job. i hope he will check the widespread hatred towards muslims and christian in homeland.
dear , all political parties must get granted quickly.it etongueosed hypocrisy!
why are both sonia g and modi behaving like national polls are imminent?
file fir on rahul and sonia of rajiv s wrong doings and corruption to show modi,you , arun jaitly amp other leaders have guts.
this will finish sick u lars in india especially vp amp president of congi pvt ltd.
feku key ache din aaa gaye mitro but wht abt farmers amp citizens of india mr.modi? h
kah
just. beautiful.
i ve heard of modi but who is this indu bai he s being linked with? modi indu bai
indian pm narendra modi seeks investments from uae
modi sir we want direct flight from patna to gcc.
what do you mean to say. should no one appreciate modi. this is fascism
proud moment for every indian. record number of people gather to see modi ji.
team working overtime to give credit to modi but the land for a temple allocated in 2013.
modi is very distracting.
luks like todays task of ranting against modi has been given to freshly recruits aapiyes n congitards .dey pul
namo visits grand mosque n gets a land alloted 4 temple .how magical is his visit for indians .thank u pm
waiting for namo in dubai. stadium filling up quickly. crowd excited. chants.
its not modi effect......
to cook sanjeev kapoor
to cut hair javed habib
and then bhakts says modi became pm to work for common people modi in dubai
so damn right that 2 arch enemies lalu niku came together for fear of political oblivion in their own bastion,bihar
pm modi is becoming the global brand ambassador of gujju food. the royal gujarati feast served by his uae hosts.
looks like burnol manufacturers will be major boosters of make in india campaign for coming years modi in dubai
he is blamed for the death of 2,000 muslims in india. so why is narendra modi in wembley?
uae alert cong hv never ever crippled any state like modi doing in delhi. maggi live ex of wt can be in modi s rule.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai tonight 10developments
magic, nobody else could do it.
modi in dubai live thousands queuing up to enter the stadium
pm modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae
the uae trip is not complete until modi buys some khajoor from deira.
modi from redfort declared goi got so much funds in kitty by his efforts of implimenting schemes then why not releasing
now realise how muslims treat their guests who ever he is.
modi won elections??smiley he is just another stooge of cong...this time for a change from built to believe opposition.
hats of modi jii
bbc news narendra modi allowed gujarat 2002 anti muslim riots
guess namo is a man with a difference
true some criminals tarring modi w fake newspages like in the pic.. see original at
thangs to modi abu thhubhai will finally get a temble.
to all his detractors i can zimbly zay just zhut up and keep quwait !!
how important is the pm modi visit to dubai? are changings etongueected in relation to indian muslims?
as long as this modi govt is in power orop will never be granted to veterans.
bheekh raja se mangi jati hai na ki...
true! modi s popularity is media hype !!
excerpts of pms remarks at the roundtable meeting with business leaders at masdar city
modi ji is grate and nice man india uae
uff garmi with mix namo flavored namo in dubai
waiting for our journalists amp adarsh liberals to etonguelain how modi disrespected mosque as he didn t wear skull cap inside
i wish, chanting modi modi could stop corruption in india. wish.
modi ji you are every time saying . please say once to them who are not economically weak.
criticise, laugh, bully, write against , create anti lobby ,nothing dampens modi. just crusing ahead the way he wants.
after modi s speech in canada congress said they will send their representative to each country modi goes.who has gone to ua
suresh khaira from mumbai, one of the excited modi supporter modi in dubai modi in uae namo in dubai
csd kumar raj hoga kese ye sochana parega ? so help kiya mr modi ke sare have idea ki value making? legally world king ya dmow csd
modi to uae india has 1 trillion potential, invest in it google alerts
snippets from pm modi s inspiring address to the nation
i easily know several indian youth who have been wanting to go to see in namo in dubai
namo in abu dhabi temple land, in dubai crowd of 50000 awaits. israel saudi accord.pak s fear of being isolated even in islamic world r real
to all his detractors i can zimbly zay just zhut up and keep
as a defence wife soon to be a veteran and mother of a def officer,can say psts no longer about orop but only anti modi
modi in dubai live thousands gather at dubai cricket stadium for indian pm s ... international business tim...
take some time off from and read about what just happened in
to be clear tv reports in saying the burj khalifa will light up in indian colours for modi s visit are absolut
one of our reader sends this on the way to the speech in dubai
i am totally ok with others in my party wearing skull cap but modi shouldn t because i am a bhaj fart.
big blow to seculars. pm modi with saffron scarf without scull cap in mosque modi in uae
those discussing modi masjid and musalman will going to tell. our indian pm where to visit and whom to visit.
modi baiters...understand this. he is focusing on generating resources. so that india has more money to spend on programs for the poor.
choicest images prime minister narendra modi s two day visit to uae.
we all asian leader needs unity for save our asians county and our asians people hind namo modiji
1 tn or 50 lac cr is da investment modi is looking at in uae. who is going to invest? bring back black money and we wont need to beg.
yes it is gujarat model...... but not modi effect.....
narendra modi s independence day speech between words and deeds the hindu
slow, steady, and sensible modis new approach to reviving indias banks
the rockstar is coming!!!
ye modi har desh me drama karvata hai. modi modi shouts are typically orchestrated by his pr team everyone knows.
look into the mirror first what pm narendra modi told congress with his independence day speech via
1 1 2 yrs gone by, keep on harping on the bad legacy amp priorities amp add false gloss to your achievements.
modi wasting tatongueayer s money flying people to uae for fake show of solidarity. shame! yehi hai achhe din??
modi, if not anything, is changing how indians are treated globally. honestly, i feel proud when a modi hater calls me a bhakt! modi in uae
one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi via the hindu
after visiting mosque narendra modi trolling sagarika ghose
modi holds talks with dubai ruler kuwait nri s pulse of india
pm modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae.
from every country modi is getting investments. i wonder where they are investing.
i supported sir narendr modi ji
as a defence wife soon to be a veteran and mother of a def officer,can say psts no longer about orop but only an
pm narendra modi departs from abu dhabi for dubai on the second leg of his uae visit
right jai ho namo
wo started 2make it isue frm lastnight,this is inc,jdu,rjd amp other so called secular forces inlight of biharelection
modi has great ideas but execution is missing want to gift him ram charan execution .. bol mat bas kar
list of u turns taken by modi sarkaar till date....
renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, is it not anti national amp treason to india?
50000 etongueected to turn up to listen to modi nuae.
modi in dubai, arriving to listen to pm modi at dubai cricket stadium
not sure if taking selfies or running a nation is a priority!!!
modi eyes uae s 1.3tr sovereign funds, offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae
modi shud restore 300 mosque n tombs including tomb of wali decani gujrati n ustad fayyaz khan, he desecrtd
pm modi uae tour is very important our country
pic1 mms used to give speech from bullet proof box
pic2 no bullet proof box for namo
shows trust on our jawans
team india under the leadership of pm shri narendra modi has achieved unprecedented results.. jan bhagidari
india s pm modi at abu dhabi s grand mosque was it no more than a tourist selfie moment?
modi will send minister to try and find solutions to the problems being faced by some investors. send agriculter miniter to our villages too
modi in dubai namo has support all over the world modi in uae
dishes from last night s dinner for pm narendra modi ji amp crown prince mohammed bin zayed bin sultan al nahyan
surprisingly dubai roads are empty at this hour...looks like everyone has gone to meet mr. modi namo in dubai
when rupee was low manmohan singh at least had an etonguelanation for it. 56 inch chest thumper modi is literally hiding today!
coming from a guy who uses a prototype handle created under jumla becho campaign by narendra bhai modi
live indian ambassador hosts pm narendra modi at a reception in dubai namo namo
modi pm modi to arrive in dubai at 5pm times now times of india blog times of india blog pm modi to arr...
he is modi not congi who are the slaves of a foreigner
this handle is now an anachronism. should be changed to or
the inside scoop heres what was on the menu when sanjeev kapoor curated a dinner for pm
modi in uae modi chanting all over.
ignore talks they can t do any wrong karma against you all our friends... king family eg modi, barak. sanjeev n karan. terror friends...
don t worry modi ur name should be written in indian history as with !
manmohan singh ji had guts to face the opposition but mr modi who bragged about his 56inch chest is running away from fa
nobuse becz ppl who says dont want 2 c d progrss of d country by
let world tour finish first pushpak viman is ready for another country namo namo
extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modi s image ex ongc chief rs sharma the economic times
modi in dubai modi ji s visit to dubai will boost ties with dubai amp bring more trade,investment to india and also help energy
if modi cut out his frivalous abroad tours, we would have by now closed the chapter
breaking news from gujarat.......record breaking rally over 5 lac in surat......... even modi cant break...
5 media including all oppon.indulged in leg pulling and attacking modi ,through personal remark abuse.no valid criticism,
so, swamy saw this coming. hmm...
clearly, his a reaction to modi getting land for temple in abu dhabi
next time vote for , this is a good lesson for all the brave veterans who voted for modi in 2014
watch it live
prime minister of india narendra modi will be addressing the indian community in dubai in sometime...
i think it s time we stop singing modi ji ki peeche kaya hai ?
4 all oppositions,congis,media also know the ability of modi govt that certainly will keep their cr
can u plz show these pictures of fully packed dubai stadium for modi ji 50000 people already reached
this was being circulated as today s paper! modi visiting,this is the headline! even yesterday s headline is orop!
like the way namo keeps personal and politics separate
thank you modi jee for visiting dubai and grand mosque there. i hope now many educated fools with mental cont
sad to see people creating controversy on modi going to masjid .. leave the kid alone
pm narendra modi in abu dhabi choicest images prime minister narendra modi s two day visit to uae the economi...
all the 5 vets in my company are satisfied with modi s plea and are willing to wait.
at uae grand mosque, modi hails peace,harmony inherent in islam see more at say that in india
crowds going crazy why ain t try they showing it on indian channels modi in dubai
there is non veg food on the menu. while bans beef in . oh the irony !!
pm modi s focus is development, which dies not discriminate. muslims can gain as much as others
uae indians pull out all the stops for modi in uae
pm modi s uae visit uae allots land for building first temple in abu dh... via
the last upa govt was a biggest failur... modi is trying to do something. let him do....
black money chase likely to flop jaitley, modi have allowed poli at home business
spotted many namo fans wearing namo t shirt in saffron color.slogans are heard from the gallery too
this is the real lesson to be drawn here.
u want some other religion temples to be made now !!!!
pm modi arrives in abu dhabi to a ceremonial welcome via
awaiting an inspirational speech from honourable pm namo in dubai
said modi has no influence outside gujrat. then is uae govt bribed or are they narcotised?
all of you witnessed the failure of congress for 65 years patiently. can t you wait a few months for modi
the uae on sunday decided to allot land for building a temple there, the first in the emirati capital as modi visits
good crowd already. we have still about 2.5 hours to go before namo comes on stage.
usually people go like this to see their favourite 11 players performing ... but this is just for one man
i like modi ji dil sa parnam
not to ignore that the globalists might be propping up india for their own ends . must keep guard.
our respected p m mr. modi please take hard step against cross border terrorisim from pak
coming from a guy who uses a prototype handle created under jumla becho campaign
which channel showing modi s address in dubai?
joint statement bet n the united arab emirates and the republic of india
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb
when you hire the crowd thy love to stand in scorching sun..
cc
what mr,modi said is d only truth.you etongueect to be praised when you scamed looted and cheated the poor ppl of india
around prime time...modi ji master aadmi hain...lol
need not be in apologia mood for visit of to abu dhabi mosque...or church for that matter
till congress there in modi ministry nothing can happen to tdk . maa beta damad also safe
modi visited many muslim countries before uae.. u sickulars just want to criticize modi..
indian prime minister modi is speaking cricket stadium and the place is packed
secularists will be in deep mourning and frenzied chest beating for a long time. the uae s rulers have turned communal nam
i lived in their midst for yrs.i can sniff a frm miles away smileythey ve the vilest abuse 4 modi
if u want to waste ur time with nonsense calculations u can carry on. namo is pm of india whole so what u mean by bhakt
is there to ask ask audience anti modi questions? namo in dubai
because all glitter are not gold. when he can see two esm die of hunger at jantar mantar what we can etongueect from mr. narender modi
they are still recovering from the shock that their dear leader is busy taking selfies with the sheikhs! tongue
breaking properties of dawood to be seized in dubai, uae. effect of modi visit. congress shocked. damad t
for modi, opposition is not a part of team india, and neither are the ex servicemen going on hunger strike now demanding
timesnow pm narendra modi departs from abu dhabi for dubai on the second leg of his
crowds going crazy why ain t try they showing it on indian channels bdutt sardesairajdeep
modi ji digitally signs visitors book at masdar city.
namo in abu dhabi temple land, in dubai crowd of 50000 awaits. israel saudi accord.pak s fear of being isolated even in isla
narendra modi might have been surprised to see more malayalees in uae than in kerala.
. 34 years,it might as well hv been a pm visit. modi did not meet sheikh khalifa,abu dhabi s ruler,whereas adva
congress was worst government for india with corruption of gandhi family please ignore them support modi
rahul gandhi should worry about robert vadra lalit modi via
sir, now a day sycophancy is in rampant. most stange tht modi renamed bharat sarkar to modi sarkar, it is very sad amp insulting to us
akbar saheb has created series of 12 portraits of pm reflecting
so which libtard will blame modi first? gt or the sickest ?
i liked a video mahatma gandhi vs narendra modi independence day special
long, hot wait for those headed to marhaba namo emirates 24 7
not a single muslim has objected modi s visit to mosque or temple in abu dhabi. its only secular hindus suffering from consti
modi cleverly chooses countries for visit that are going to benefit india and helps its economy. he is impressive in
a win for religion to soothe the screaming dying masses of workers that modi really doesn t give a shit about.
when the only qualification you need is rss membership amp namo bhakti for a position in
pl. keep tweeting like this
u r doing a wonderful service
still long way 2 go.
there r still 44 mps in ls
the way you told the untold stories and i mst say u retold 2 the world. congrats.aadi shakti namo namah. bonne courage
where is this, and where is modi?
no indian pm visited an imp country like uae for 34 years thats shocking
mosque spokes person says first time in d history of mosque ppl shouting modi instead of azaan
how junior official in ed decide there is no case when legal tonguerts like think otherwise
marhaba namo 50,000 indians etongueected to attend first of its kind reception for pm modi in dubai 50,000 ind...
after shaikh zayed masjid visit in uae, will pm modi wear skull cap in india?
you are right . look at the voices raising concern. there is media to play flute with them. disgusting.
manny manny congratulations our pm modi your historic visit of uae is very fruitfull after 34 years indian prime...
jumla babu we would love to be called bharat sarkar and not modi sarkar
modi s leap of vision is india ready for a larger role?
modi meets uae pm in dubai, discusses trade and investment prime minister narendra modi on monday held talks ...
did you know that pm modi was trending topic on sunday 16 for 6 hours in ahmedabad?
assam cm tarun gogoi seeks clarification from pm narendra modi on naga accord economic times
what nonsense is this?
attack him if he doesn t deliver on promises
modi delivers on his promise even then problem?
marhaba na mo . temp outside 38, inside stadium much more. still 3 hrs to start
namo ka swagat... sketch by a dear friend!!
given the fact that good proportion of the crowd shouting namo zindabad r mallus some ldrs in kerala might be visiting rest rooms smiley
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today modi in uae
please check how many deadlines have been violated. that namo is being manipulated by bureaucracy is bad and then police?
woos , says has 1
waterboarding at guantnamo bay sounds super fun if you don t know what either of those things are.
dubai , i have always thought , how this paradise could come up in desert. narendra modi. modi in dubai
this is a false news.. wikileaks never published anything like this
good modi ji
mr. modi bring as more as country demands.
what special will happen to modi, congress to clarify. what congress wants to prove.
jumla babu is a desperate attempt by aap tards, congoons and anti nationals to get over the fact that dubai is chanting namo namo. hahaha!
modi pr team claiming credit for hindu temple land allocation in uae which was done in upa time
amazing response from indians in . what is it about ? not marketing alone surely
let us accept that there was lethargy earlier. mr modi was only trying to communicate that now infua is different
so mr modi where is black money ?
just go and sit with those ex faujis who are sitting at jantar mantar...and modi s police is using lathis against them
modi in uae modi in dubai indians rushed to hear modi
around 50,000 registered for speech at dubai cricket stadium that can se
hey do you see what mr modi doing in uae?????
given the fact that good proportion of the crowd shouting namo zindabad r mallus some ldrs in kerala might be visiting re
bangkok blast is a result of gujarat riots. modi should answer
just in case if you miss few prestitutes tweets , this is the gist.
it is modi vs rest self style leaders of india knowing nothing about devlopment.
modi has no significant acheivements in last one year but he spoke as if done wonders. counting chickens before they h
obama admin argues against release of hunger striking detainee via
pm modi at abu dhabi s grand mosque is not some grand gesture to muslims conciliation? outreach? tour p...
revealed pm modi s mission dawood in uae
modi wave beats the dubai heat weav today !
just now excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today modi in uae
it s a shame that despite being a muslim, you are supporting modi modi in dubai
thank you
regards
lalit modi amp robert vadra
building toilets is not enough.modi needs to take them by the finger.probably even flush later.
rofl gt gt
modi in dubai is like modi in and . one shot, two bullets!
little crowd for a small regional politician of gujarat with no future at centre level and forget about world level.
namo in dubai. really surprised to know that no pm visited uae in 34 years. but kerala cm s amp other ministers go 200 times to middle east
uae s offering a place for temple on the occasion of visit of narendra modi is beginning of a new era of religious tolerance.
pm gifts s pm narendra copy of the book he authored flashes of thought, an ..
shri , hope you realise that the modi wave in 2014 had a huge anti sonia amp anti corruption components.
i hope if can broadcast this info modi in dubai
modi sir,smoking area is quite small amp congested at dubai international airport.can u pls include this in agenda of di
namo..........true son of india
is it a coincidence that modi and my twin are born on the same day not the same year ?
50,000 people are going to a cricket stadium not for an ipl cricket match...
and also there is no lalit modi in the modi event modi in uae
mr modi doesnt hav anything to say except jumlas jumla babu
modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board
pm modi making country steps everywhere!!! good go.. we need strong bonding with everyone to tackle with enemies.
these anti modi and anti secular are jealous of modiji that s why they are trending such a lame topic
is in amp supporters are chanting his name. does 56inch chest guy have guts to ask why no temples allowed in ? modi in dubai
modi in chennai, i m busy writing toefl modi in dubai, i m stuck at chennai. when i m getting to attend a live speech?
aryaa is following the interest modi for pm on
while modi wants 2 teach d beggars singing amp keep dem beggars 4 life ak wants 2 rehabilitate dem 2 live with dignity
fascist modi has no respect for farmers nor soldiers the two backbone of a nation!
mr. dhiraj, greets sh. narendra modi at dubai, u.a.e today.
modi s uae visit is the 1st by an indian pm in 34 years!
i wonder why tharoor didn t ask manmohan to tour this muslim nation
guys modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! jumla babu
so what let modi ji enjoy !!! don t be so negative fool
joint statement between the un. arab emirates and the republic of india
uae giving guard of honour to narendra modi. damn !! a perfect burnol moment for seculars amp adarsh liberals !!
still 3 hours to go amp stadium is almost full
cong rethink modi ko gujarat ke bahar jaanta kaun hai
modi managed to get land in abu dhabi for hindu temple, why not for a church ??? why are indian christians being ignored?
the greatest pm jai namo
for info of 1st step taken within 30 days sit headed by former sc judge
most amazing style of pm narendra modi.....
chalta hai ko chalta karo shikhar dhawan
modi in dubai live thousands queuing up to enter the stadium 5.40pm several local business houses have re...
nasamajh tongue modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board
i received birthday greetings directly from pm narendra modi
thank you for your wishes..
luxury of freedom naved ki and ka louis berger case sergio ramos
has anyone filed an obscenity case against modi yet?
modi getting a tremendous reception at a stadium in uae. last time an indian got such a reception in an uae stadium was tendulkar.
sushma to visit egypt germany in august close on the heels of prime minister narendra modi s ongoing visit to...
government s handling of orop has been terrible only modi can fix it
i think it s time we stop singing modi ji ki peeche kya hai ?
science is life . pmoi sri narendra modi ji digitally signs this message in visitors book at masdar city
chalta hai ko chalta karo modi
etp pm narendra modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment the pm said all major global institutions such...
we should build such a noise that modi takes notice in dubai. if it s false, anyway no harm
i love how pakistanis sound so so so similar to indian seculars
why so? this is not done.. what s d deal? modi ji this is not etongueected of you. kindly clarify.
chalta hai ko chalta karo
shikhar dhawan modi
thankful to rss for giving us modi ! proud of rss modi in uae pappu so duffer proud on rss
mohanji at today.
modi will be the 1st pm to visit uae in 34 years .
sonia amp mms s reactions
sir,if namo calls for orop circular on his table within 48 hrs, can anybody say no?
modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! huh !
you got it right. i am saying this time and again that i never requested or recommended travel documents for lalit modi.
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans ex service chiefs write to pm modi on orop
hw much money modi paid to bring crowd w ppl dressed like muslims? ask like sicko
modi is letting this happen is a worry...snakes always come back to bite if not crushed, killed...esp snakes in human form...
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans ex service chiefs write to pm modi on oro...
happy anniversary winner!!!!!! wohoooo comeback namo.
lattoo republic pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslim... the irfanism
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans ex service chiefs write to pm modi on orop the serv...
shikhar dhawan
luxury of freedom modi
presence speaks louder than words
those who voted for modi, 33 of total, do feel they have acche din
namo to babysit as well now.
hahahhaa
people just can t take easy about modi
either they complaint about him or drool!
luxury of freedom
naved modi
pm wid highness sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan,
plz get a gd designer fr modi
modi is gay, dare i say.
simplicity amp unity are india s strength modi independence day
naved
ki and ka modi
is modi and hindu terrorist involved ? says yes. wat u say raadhe maa
and the mindless nautanki continues promoted loyally by the traitor media ....
great and warm welcome of modi is
wonderful! i hope bhakts get a lesson in tolerance amp secularism from pm modi ji! humanity is the universal religion! htt
ki and ka
louis berger case modi
bwahahahahahaha
modi should also make sure they flush the toilets
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today modi in uae vi
pm modi takes a selfie at the sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi modi in uae
channels are entertaining indian people abt dawood business shut in uae by modi.but lamo can not be brought back
all raw agents hv learnt little bit of local languages does not make them balochi, u pseudo balochi go lick modi ars
louis berger case
sergio ramos modi
r u gonna watch modi speech today?
namo extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modi s image ex ongc ... economic times exte...
pl comment smiley
but here will u enjoy no skull cap no head covering selfiesmiley
modi is silent coz he doesn t want to give opposition a chance to throw muck at him. don t engage, seem above everything, keep clean image
they way indians are showing passion to meet modi is great! i wonder, will we pakistani do the same if nawaz come?
precious45minswasted q y no scalpcap?
a bcz he isn t fake gandhi
shukran for giving us the first video of namo in dubai marhaba namo
it s full and same number of namo fans waiting outside..dubai completely modified..
uae businessmen welcome pm modi s visit ad
those who think modi hit a six.. he knows how to take credit.
modi ministry modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb
modi getting a tremendous reception at a stadium in uae. last time an indian got such a reception at an uae stadium was tendulkar.
why blame congress when adamant narendra modi cannot speak in the loksabha ? ,
i etongueected this. arun jaitely wud be nemesis of modi.
modi is observing silence on border shelling in poonch ncp outlook wires
agriculture ministry will now be known as kisan kalyan mantralaya ministry of agriculture and farmer welfare pm
modi is the first pm who talks bad about former govts and his own countrymen like mother in law talks abt their daughter in law
modi should listen carefully to successful indians in uae liar politician
dubai media on modi visit pm should listen carefully to successful indians liar politician
excitement, excitement!!!
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress read more
entire budget session washed out protecting 3 corrupt s associates, and he talks abt progress
being a muslims hated modi, how he visited uae, why.?
international media advised modi to stay at home amp do some work.
but globe trotter feku continues to roam around the wo
ppl mocking friends who litter in open.
sirf modi ki vote dene se kuch nahi hoga. tum bhi kuch karo
translated 4m telugu
now after 9 pm nobody will trend this topic coz at 9pm there will be only one sound modi in dubai
.. artist akbar saheb who pm has been eager to meet also presents a painting of him dedicated to the memory of his mother.
pm modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae inviting investors from uae, prime
bakuda, sona na bhaav down che, mari mate ek chain kharidi le
ndtv exclusive real reason behind modi s uae trip.
most popular personality of pm narendra modi.....
and i m shocked at your insanity sir... modi doesn t have magic wand, patience, if he fails we will kick namo out
this modi plays religion card everyday to further right wing hindu nationalism, how can uae trust this racist 4 friendship?
several former chiefs write to over one rank one pension
modi is 8 years ahead of his times he celebrated 75years of independence in sep 2013 globe trotter feku
pm modi arrives in uae, says very optimistic about the visit via
rana ayyub s reaction after modi ji visited sheikh zayed mosque....!!
1st indian pm to visit in 34 yrs! not a foreign policy etongueert, but this is a big slip up till now. india uae
modi in uae public transport details for dubai sports city event
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice pre...
and his ministers should immediately go to jantar mantar n assure ex servicemen about
modi says casteism needs to be curbed. but amit shah met a set of caste leaders as a election strategy in .
hajj subsidy in india must end completely. i support modi completely in this and i oppose pseudo secular congress...
m saying.... outrage is also acceptable... but giving up on namo... after all he is doing...
why? visiting mosque would have helped in the increased the standard of education clerics give to their shagirds?
marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai via
modi show in dubai is going to be one of the biggest in the history long live narendra modi
the stage s all seat. waiting for the magician to weave his magic in dubai. namo in dubai marhaba namo
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice president and prime minist...
namo in dubai stadium already 3 4th capacity though namo etongueected only in 2 hours
what s wrong with modi
joint statement between the unitedarabemirates and the republicofindia
marbaha namo craze n reaction of . awesome.
reminds me 1998 sachin tendulkars sahara cup inning, aweome view modi in dubai
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment via
unetongueected bangkok thing has direct link as modi in dubai ???
unfortunate
burn adarsh liberals burn
pm,modi met the indian labourers in abu dhabi
how many indian ex pms ever met labourers working abroad? modi in dubai
ye maara chakka
modi delivers on his promise even then problem? s
why? did islam originate in india or arabian dese ?
i am sure modi will deliver on his promises. would you kindly focus on installing cctv and providing wifi?
pm modi to inaugurate rs 6,200 cr road projs in bihar tomorrow
modi magic modi waves are going stronger day by days
namo ka sixer
sir, don t you trust modi ji??? he will make orop a reality very soon.
modi arrives in uae, abu dhabi crown prince receives breaking protocol indi leak
awaiting namo stadium.
city in
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law board aimplb on mo...
i m hindu and nationalist therefore i m a hindunationalist narendra modi in a tv interview in 2013.
the all india muslim personal law board aimplb on monday said prime minister narendra modi could have chosen...
prime minister of india shri narendra modi visited the united arab emirates from 16 17 august 2015 at the invi...
while you and i see nothing fishy about it, congress spokespersons on tv channels call it, event management by modi.
muslim personal board has no authority to preach modi ,what he shud do amp what not.
it is his personal choice or faith.
just coz esms hv criticized goi on orop n modi has got negative publicity some bjp bhakts hv been criticizing esms ..all the bloody same
is modis make in india manufacturing campaign starting to pay off with high tech giants?
marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai
wav a ?eidlaughing1809 amp articlexml kiski azaadi 17082015010029
ithink modi is planning to contest the election in uae ,pl tell him that uae is a monarchy ,not a democratic country.
practise for cultural event begins. ..
modi holds talks with uae crown prince, discusses security, trade
the joint uae india statement on modi s visit will keep some pakistani diplomats up tonight
no 1 knows modi outside gujarat tongue ha ha haburnol for congis
what a great lucky sharp person modi is. he keeps his mouth sealed at the country and enjoy it in other countries?
india uae relations more stronger..pm modi in uae..
case referred to dr. for further investigation.
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice
219,000, out of 835 million aadhaar numbers...were for those who didn t have any other identity proof...only 0.03 .
bhakts now pleading to have patience with modi. modi himself showed lots of aggression when upa was in troubled times.
namo in dubai at the stadium waiting for namo
dubai stadium the only cricket stadium across the world, that will be remembered for na mo s innings. modi in uae modi in dubai marhaba namo
doesn t the uae political establishment know that modi has been demonising muslims on a daily basis, r arab sheikhs asleep?
came with such enthusiasm to hear namo in dubai alas bad weather and ineffective event management leads to disappointment.
original muslims have no issue with modi s selfie in mosque they re visibly happy in escorting him across uae. converts in india are upset
even if ppl so that, how can we blame namo or his policy for it?
ps i have seen ppl doing that in delhi
reminds me of sydney speech. reckon bora community was the best, they danced, beating drums way after the speech.
bhakts should note how secular arabs participate in pujas unlike modi who doesnt wear skull cap. jumla babu
kyon na kahe?!! if modi governance is indeed so revolutionary amp progressive after 15years of modi rule why is guj not mini japan?
original muslims have no issue with modi s selfie in mosque they re visibly happy in escorting him across uae. converts
welcome to modi
did you miss an entry to dubai cricket stadium to watch marhaba namo ? here is the live broadcast of marhaba namo...
stage is set for mr. modi
modi in uae all the pseudo secular hearts must be burning at the stake today.
modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment dubai, aug 17 prime minister narendra modi today held talks with
why foreign trip by mr. modi in mid of protests by ex military servicemen? is foreign trip more sensitive amp important than orop demand?
why not
pm re emergence of india, china amp their relationship will have deep impact on the 2 countries amp course of this
how come ur focus is switched over to lalit modi instead of narendra modi.surprised about 2 days sun rise direction.
weldone modi ji. hope this relationship between uae amp india develops further, matures and blossoms
rahul gandhi says he is here to defend the people of india from narendra modi. the same people who gave him a full manda
y nt ask owaisi how many temple he visted for aarti amp tilak on his forehead.he ll againt his religion amp but for modi different rule
high etongueectations building up for modi s maiden visit to uae. last time when a indian pm visited emirates was 34 years ago.
lawyer in sc lalitkmodi had mandate to vet bids for properties. modi advised on sale of offshore assets
dumbos don t know what to ask. don t know anything beyond namo bashing.
50,000 indians to hear modi at marhaba namo event in dubai via r worldnews
the beginning of the end namo in dubai modi in dubai
hahahah idiots who don t understand what the pm s office really is are making fun of s foreign trips. jumla babu
modi can t give subsidies to poor people. he give life corporate people.
jaihind
pm modi departs for his 2 day uae visit via
just to refresh everyone s knowledge
rupee today is 65.24 per usd. all time low in pm modi regime
wait! its not indoa! its uae! temp more than 40, and look at people! this man narendra modi there s something amazing about him!
sir please suggest a hashtag for modi s visit to dubai stadium. seems took down modi in dubai trend.
monsoon deficit to widen,impact kharif crop imd. d first real trial4 m odi govt. it has been lucky with low oil prices, amp less gold import.
us based hindu students to honour pm narendra modi for yoga contributions
next demand ... should wear skull cap .. then .. should eat non veg biryani and then convert to islam ???
more than 60,000 indian etongueats to hear modi at marhaba namo event in dubai modiin dubai
pm modi at abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims to try an... via
for that there are enough kejris,lalus,mulayams and pappus are there
tri color flying high.people chanting modi modi,not in india but in uae modi in uae
pm modi to address 50000 indians in dubai at 9.30 pm 10 developments ndtv
how many liters of blood have you lost to him ?
u remember all of ak s promises but don t remember what modi promised.if u have the guts ask him
today, entire of dubai would reverberate to the chants of . weave your magic o magician, we all wait in awe. namo in dubai marhaba namo
laughed so hard at this, that little pee came out
dubai stadium gets jampacked 4 hours before modi speech in the stadium modi in uae , people chanting modi modi ..
direct benefit transfer antr big thing n same ongoing as more subsidies linked n its real biggie.jan suraksha scheme
as objects shloks,its personal freedom wht does?shld matter
there is no end for jaundiced people in our country.
this is a great step.
uae govt decision to allot land in order to build a temple in abu dhabi jai ho modi govt
pm modi is not listening to our soldiers.sign the petition amp force him to act
petition
they say even give devil his due but rana is you should love modi for liberalism.
congress party raising senseless useless filthy unbenifitable to hindustani questions. no need to answer by bjp nda pm narendra modi jee.
what narendra modi is to prime minister chair, you re to film review.
blow to congress.bjp etongueorted 70000 people for modi ji dubai event.
watch live to address indian community in madison square like event
no dear journos, sanjiv bhatt is not someone who took on guj govt modi . he is someone who put baseless allegations rejected outright by sc
leave that choice to him, please
r y spokesperson of modi ???
pmmodi at 69th independencedaycelebrations at red fortdelhi
modi jee is leader of era. congress will face split soon.
modi ji, are you serious? modi in dubai
if modi was going to let down orop protesters, he should ve at least appealed to their honour
via narendr
modi ne kitne kharche the? also 500 cr is for whole year.
its like gujarat, hazaro policement in jail, modi and amit r ?????????????
toi edit modis i day speech was underwhelming, especially in comparison to last year
modis middle east policy should focus on migrant labourers too, writes
lt modi jee is drawing huge crowd in dubai.. he is great in his speeches amp media relations.
more apt term is opportunists
why are converts more fanatical than originals as an eminent author of indian origin also pointed out years ago?
pm modi offers 1tn investment opportunity to uae to erase deficit of 34 years
q india gets it by 2020. then what?
modi eats chicken? he is vegetarian right?
india is not the actual land of islam, arab countries are.
such a lust of oil energy!!! o modi
after seeing modi s craze even in uae people of rjd,jdu,congress amp ever green chutiyaap people helplessly trending hashtag
pm modi launches national handloom day
news alert excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where modi will address indian diaspora later modi in uae
watch marhaba namo event live from dubai. modi s speech is after 2.5 hours says who is at venue.
cultural show at dubai cricket stadium ahead of narendra modi s arrival modi in dubai
pm modis visit to the non resident indians nris in the uae via
true sumhw toilet cleanliness id nt a priority fr normal indians so blamin modi doesnt make sense
modi modi chants everywhere
avoid all roads to sports city via any modi of transport.
the trick is that modi appears like a people s pm. nawaz on the other hand appears very western.
wait! its not indoa! its uae! temp more than 40, and look at people! this man narendra modi there s something amazing
great but..
a small correction!
namo will attract bigger crowd in pakistan than any pak leader there
for modi parliament temple of democracy rahul rest room after late night tom amp jerry show
tough to say if is modi or sakshi mp or neeranjan jyoti or giriraj mp. i feel he is a potent cocktail! me
he gets people all charged up, happy and proud. i have no regret in saying i started feeling patriotic due to modi ji.
our media misses, besides trillions investment, modi engages uae for anti money laundering, drug trafficking amp extradition.
so modi is compromising with cases to get his work done !! shame !!
other states modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law board
dubai stadium the only cricket stadium across the world, that will be remembered for na mo s innings. modi in uae modi in duba
save faith and constitution movement was launched by aimplb today
meanwhile these dodos
brother country uae showing much love to india. those houbara bustard hunting licences didn t serve their purpose.
modi is the first pm who talks bad about former govts and his own countrymen like mother in law talks abt th
nh case closed or not this modi chicken shit govt is gutless against sonia.did he go around campaigning to be the eam or pm? idiot!
u in stadium for modi event ?
how lucky a lot of them are biharis !! very happy
and modi govt min is saying ppl living in border area r now more secure
whom they r fooling
bhakts r already fools
save faith and constitution movement was launched by all india muslim personal law board aimplb today
is life, says on to in
no way. amp are blind to good things in . they can never appreciate anything good by na mo
he he
topic of secularism is fr brainless ppl.utla it s good tht modi 1 2
namo in dubai it s so amazing electric atmosphere in d stadium namo namo namo
the whole world is in love with modi n what he represents development.
it is only the commies, liberals n congis who re spkng i ll of him.
the ticket for namo rally in dubai.
it amazing to see such response
a great relation between both counties and only pm modi can do this the best pm of india
oh, i m not blaming modi at all, it s our culture i m worried about
spectators brave 40 degrees heat outside dubai cricket stadium to listen to modi modi in dubai
modi came to power with many such jumlas. why not question modi?
modi offers 1t investment opportunity to uae investors times of oman. aug 17, 2015 last updated at 10 57 am ...
kai modi ji fokkey fire marr rahhey ....are his claims are is false
please do sign the petition from which actually withdraw the in 1973
mfgexecutive is modis make in india manufacturing campaign starting to pay off with high tech giants?
there is going to be huge burnol shortage in india as namo is there smiley modi in dubai
waiting for 9.30 .pm modi magick dubai
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm modi s address to indian diaspora in dubai modiin uae
dubai cricket stadium half packed hours before modi s speech
now playing sabse aage hisdustani song crowds electrified
landmark initiative govt. of india
kudos to department of disability affairs and social justice
subramanian swamy writes to modi, blames ed chief of scuttling probe in national herald case
respec of pm
narendra modi brand ambassador good day biscuit achche din aayenge
vote on the poll pick narendra modi in uae best video on modi in uae via
modi in dubai live thousands still queuing up to enter the stadium
our life eat, sleep, repeat! modi s life jumla selfie jumla
vote on the poll is modi tour bring billion dollar investments via
imagine the whole stadium in dubai chanting bharat maata ki jai when modi starts to deliver the speech. what a sight it would be.
modi makes every expm highly dignified, intelligent, wise and mature.
and it is a fact that no one in the past belittled pm post like modi.
2999 times repeat kardiya hain
. modi s beard confused poor muslim that he is a muslim 2 tongue
mr. dhiraj, greets sh narendra modi today at dubai, u.a.e.
welcome namo...in dubai
why can t cover live pm namo of dubai prog? other msm covering it from now onwards...
for a handful of lunatics n adarsh liberals but a ray of hope 4 majority n true son of india, he is my pm narendra modi. cheers!
thanks uae
disturbing to read amartya sens observation on political interference in academia by the modi govt. unfortunate !
filmmaker nandita singgha doesnt agree with narendra modis salute selfie campaign! read
supreme court, nahi modi ne kaha , notice sent, all court is under modi s super coat.
war veterans on hunger strike, modi eating biryani by flying celebrity chef sanjeev kapoor...it is very shameful!!!
excellent planning and professional arrangements. jai hind. namo namaha.
good good modi sir another good news to us indin.
defence ppl do not read khaleez times,a small report on inside pages photoshopped as headline of newspaper w modi visit
true. very high mortality of indian workers in gulf nations. pl raise the issue.
modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investmentpotential
bhakts r already fools s
karthiknyc nh case closed or not this modi chicken shit govt is gutless against sonia.did he go around campaignin
i was a fan of upa 1. upa 2 was disp due to pranab as fm.
modi has a vision, have charm to attract whole world. tmro don t know
lol. next he ll visit pakistan as a conciliatory gesture to sakshi maharaj p
the dismal state of indian labourers in uae had modi really worried found at
if if true if it was alotted in 2013....means modi s claim false....then lanat lanat
now that modi ji visited sheikh zayed mosque, rana ayyub will publish her 2nd draft, visiting a mosque will not change
modi tasks 1.25 lakh bank branches to finance at least one dalit tribal startup.
can be an unprecedented economic amp soc
if modi calls himself a nationalist..why he didn t meet indian sheikhs first
great modi ji. hope this relationship between uae amp india develops further, matures and blossoms to benefit both people
wall to wall media coverage in the uae press on pm narendra modi s visit. modi in dubai
in uae, modi blames past govts for failures of current govt. this is so hilarious..!! modi in dubai
what a genius politician modi is!
really? it s still important? those who hate modi will stop hating him?
narendra modi is a people s pm. smiley modi in dubai
to in
govt role modi pressurised sbi he himself present there for loan
prime minister narendra modi digitally signs the message in the visitors book at abu dhabi on sunday!
this gives you an idea of just how much everything rests on modi.
stfu! at least you are not eligible to talk on this issue.u were in power for all these days and did nothing.
pls watch on dd
actually they are asking modi to pay back 15 lakh which modi promised to pay after becoming pm.
that s really grt event modi in dubai
modi in dubai breaking news !! pakistan home ground is capture by modi.
for every statement of mr modi the sheikhs replied wallah wallah modi in dubai
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm modi s address to indian diaspora in dubai india tv
why can t cover live pm namo of dubai prog? other msm covering it from now on
aaptards are very sick person in this planet. requested to modi ji plz give 80 subsidy on burnol to all aaptards
i don t care if you like modi or not , but madarchodo he is our pm if you can t give respect than at least don t insult him.
never said that you were blaming modi. even i meant the same and equally worried about such ignorance negligence.
newly added pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae
lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals
for this he is there in london, not for his wife.
3novicestonguem modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice
stop this drama,wat u did to resolve this orop in 25 30yrs.modi will address it,he committed to d nation from ramparts of red fort
she is not a sanghi, she is actually advising modi to visit gyanvapi mosque in varanasi.
narendra modi independence day speech 2015 speech highlights via
modi in dubai crowd chanting modi modi burnol moment for sickulars
live streaming modi in dubai marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai
india inc doesn t see the modi led government as favourably as they once did
modi in dubai live thousands still queuing up to enter the stadium 5.50pm still long queues scroll down ...
narendra modi message to investors india is a land of great opportunity
oops he forgot to add don t etongueect any land smiley
unreal analysis .. owaisi cannot crack bjp votes. he will teardown only muslim votes of jdu amp rjd. he is v s nitish
rt the hindu modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board
with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list with over 1 million followers on linkedi...
sonia s slaves and aaptards you can only run these paid hashtags while our pm is ready for this
pm modi of india known to be hypocrite. he complained of beef etongueort in congress regime but etongueorting beef. watch at
wall to wall media coverage in the press on pm s visit. image modi in uae
monsoon deficit to widen,impact kharif crop imd. d first real trial4 m odi govt. it has been lucky with low oil prices,
modi fooled people amp now especially fooling bihari.bihar will teach him lesson,dont forget once patna was the capital of india
punjab state has maximum ex servicemen but sadly badal sahib has never spoken a single word for
proud of mr modi...
who the hell are they to tell modiji what to do?
this is exactly why modi didn t visit any mosque in india. they create an issue on everything.
pic shared by friend modi in dubai
told huge gathering outside stadium
people shouting modi modi inside stadium
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today modi in uae ani
despised by indian media feared by i congress amp rejected by the west should be pm of india
im in dubai at the moment amp the modi mania is at its peak.entire mallu community of uae seems to have taken th
how far modi govt is differ aslongas jaitley is in helm of affairs dis will continue tell us 1major diversi whre dy acted diff
dubai indians already set and stuck in the traffic jam for .
and those photoshopping saying with glee that this is how dubai greets modi!
prime minister narendra modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium in dubai. modi in dubai...
a friend in dubai says despite of 43 degrees and so much humidity,crowd is pouring in like anything and eager to listen to namo modi in uae
modi bluffed earlier he has m.a. degree, actually he is all the fake credentials...he is a habitual liar
respect to the great leader our pm namo.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai at 9.30 pm 10 developments
the prime minister, shri narendra modi at the shiekh zayed grand mosque, at abu dhabi, uae
well said ..n before converting into islam..they will say modi should learn how to write urdu so called secular
this the return gift from bjp amp modi govt to ex. army service men. its a good days of modi govt.
and it will not change
india pm modi raises the national flag on independence day via
how narendra modi lands in india after a foregin trip and takes off to next foreign trip.
now it is getting serious. can someone tell me how many nris r there? modi is targeting voters, may allow nri voting
his love for sheikhs is special one that nobody knew.what manly love wooo . modi is lovly modi in dubai namo in dubai
50,000 to at event in
modi in dubai the best of today.biharis saying modi attended misque in dubai, because he wants to win in bihar hahaha..
hey prashanth prasha bp wanna get iph0ne 6 for free? kindly check my bi0. thanks
ht
pm modi takes a tour of masdar city in abu dhabi modi in uae
the hindu modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim ...
same 10 ppl ruling india n making money move
you will the day you too have a pm who respect his cntry,its cultur n cares for his people
pm modi writes his signature on a touch screen in masdar city modi in uae
modi interacting with the indian workers at the icad residential city, in abu dhabi
pm modi to announce special package for bihar? havent heard anything, says nitish
mr. mr.modi is going for indian votes, not muslim votes.
indians all over d world see in modi a ray of hope, pride and nationalism after a looong time. no wonder, they want 2 see him n listen 2 him
finally sickulars can say modi gaya lene! modi in dubai
modi visits world s first carbon free masdar city
on day two of his visit to the united arab emirates, prime...
aryaa is following the interest welcome namo on
a bird s eye view of shared on the occasion of na mo visit!
what freedoms do we really have, mr prime minister?
as modi wipes his forehead, under the many folds of his...
crucial for bjp to keep modi s image intact. best strategy keep brand modi away from controversies. leave firefighting 2 ministers spokies
modis call for swachh bharat abhiyan ...nirmal bharat abhiyan credit jitendra jugaad definition is abuse of traits.
live pm to address community members in dubai
hey 526 crore publicity hungry amp paid workers
view a vishwguru
latest trends on jaipur
sergio ramos
sahara
na mo
for more
amazing atmosphere in dubai modi in dubai namo in dubai
what about the senior bjp leaders response on namo and his government? or they are considered useless craps?
and it is a fact that no one in the past belittle
crispy spinach amp liquid chaat for na mo in abu dhabi emirates palace
live stream of s address to dubai s indian community. namo in dubai
only in india could an infinite debate on lalit modi happen without discussing the biggest statements made by him. its m
why does modi have to go to other coutries to see bollywood dances? why not see it in bollywood itself? modi in dubai
modi to inaugurate 6,200 cr projects in bihar tomo modi to inaugurate 6,200 cr sps
pm modi to inaugurate 6,200 cr road projects in bihar tomorrow pm narendra modi will sps
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law
it will bto hindo attack as modi kill 2000 muslim in gujrat is your religion allows
is in amp supporters are chanting his name. does 56inch chest guy have guts to ask why no temples allowed in ?
live blog pm to address indian diaspora in shortly
mood in india changes as narendra modis shine fades via
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
huge gathering outside stadium
thanku 4 sharing this video! modi in dubai cc
live pm modi woos uae investors, says immediate potential for us 1 trillion investme...
indias modi visits united arab emirates dw news news gt gt
indias modi faces tough afghan choices two powerful arguments, diametrically opposed to each other, have app...
modi refuses to be a prisoner of protocol clouds covered the sky as people started trickling in from 4am onwards...
visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque by pm modi is an aspect of the bihar poll strategy congress
this is what u call bad journalism! there are plenty of mosques in indian itself if such was the case. modi in dubai htt
what are gulf news papers reporting about modi visit and see the nonsense of in indian media, they are glued to mosque visit
opportunities for in
then what is the point sir i said event will start at 7.30 pm onwards namo address thereafter
the said land for construction of temple was donated by a muslim arab trader in 2013 modi is taking credit now .any shame bhakts.
what to etongueect in speech at cricket stadium? spl coverage with wps sidhu of amp 9 pm on.
thanku 4 sharing this video! modi in dubai cc htt
the prime minister, shri narendra modi digitally signs his message in the ..
prime minister, narendra modi with the vice president and prime minister of uae, h h mohammed bin rashid al maktoum
news alert cultural performances at dubai stadium ahead of modi s address to indian diaspora in dubai modiin uae
modi is looking so gay
unsolicited advice to modi s prtonguelease take the dance troupe from dance india dance on next foreign visit. modi in dubai
long suspected madam didn t blow entire ammunition against modi. retained some for rainy days.
his excellency mr.narendra modi with his highness sheikh mohammedgreat men with great vision.
mr.keju we believe in modi.he will o fine always.mr.girgit u hv established ur self as a item no. in politics. drama purush.
marhabaa habibi !! kaif falak
today s innings of modi will be remembered like sharjah s winning innings
modi s visit to sheikh zayed mosque proves that the one who never visited any mosque in india can spit and lick for money. modi in dubai
so bhakts now blame rain for declining foodgrain output. little they know abt modi govt s failure to supply urea on time amp compensation.
crucial for bjp to keep modi s image intact. best strategy keep brand modi away from controversies. leave firefighting 2
narendra modi je pm hindustan tourring some foreign country for boosting developement work amp to make powerfull hindustan. jai ho modi jee
modi should have first visited mosque in india, all india muslim personal law board no hope for business here you see
modi govt. searching for formula which ensure that servicemen are happy amp govt. finances are unaffected. that formula does nor exist.
...why the hell these people keep trending ?? or something related to modi
man!! grow up !! he is something good !!
..amartya sen tera baap hai kya??we give a damn to this communist.
should have first visited mosque in india aimplb
a new scheme incentivising fans and air conditioners to be launched soon by the modi
dubai stadium half packed hours before pm modi s speech
frankly i m happy seeing this jumlababu trend. shows how pissed congi morons n aaptards r with modi s uae success.
modi jees visit or no visit to mosques must not be politicised.gud relations with uae will benefit people of india mainly muslims
watch live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium via
so bhakts now blame rain for declining foodgrain output. little they know abt modi govt s failure to supply urea on time amp co
if modi visits mosque gt that one is tourist place. adarsh liberals
modi in
the cricket stadium where the pm will talk at 9.30 pm ist tonight can hold 40,000 people and has been billed welcome namo .
i hope m in android m doesn t turn out to be modi ok bye
indias modi faces tough afghan choices
modi is only a leader from gujarat.
pm modi to address the indian community in dubai via
solid steps were taken by manmohan singh to improve uae investments into india, but modi doesn t acknowledge the fact
dubai cricket stadium filled to welcome pm modi
for a handful of lunatics n adarsh liberals but a ray of hope 4 majority n true son of india, he is my pm naren
isis threat may figure in pm modi s talks with uae leadership
pm modi visits 25 countries in 15 months
the prime minister, shri narendra modi takes a tour of masdar city, a hub of clean technology,...
pm modi at abu dhabi s grand mosque is not some grand gesture to muslims, by
man!! grow up !! he is doing something good !!
wah re , kya logic lagaya hai...i ll not be surprise if u say modi has a private mosque in his house..
live blog pm modi to address indian diaspora in uae shortly
how many times these jerks visit som othr religion s place of worship? does a pm have free will human rights or not?
the cultural program at dubai cricket stadium has begun, where pm modi will address the gathering
sonia s slaves and aaptards you can only trend these paid hashtags like while our pm is ready for this
i am unable to understand why a hindu leader should visit a mosque, should a muslim leader too visit a temple?
even uae is crazy for modi....
masjid mein log modi modi ke naare laga rahe hain....what could be more communal than that...fascist uae people...laughing
live blog pm modi to address indian diaspora in uae shortly indian etongueatriate community is the largest ethnic com
if they back so modi sir i think we doesn t need to take a any others help..
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm narendra modi s address to indian diaspora in dubai
face palm for those who used to said, who knows beyond gujrat modi in dubai modi in uae
anyway its being critical ,etongueectations r high namo needs to prioritize it as most imp amp solve
if dr. kalam is people s president, our shri narendra modi is people s prime minister, the real indian having grass root knowledge.
has 1 tn , tells
when the country is reeling under poverty amp inflation the stage performances of looks vulgar amp disgusting modi in dubai
wish journalists were asking the right questuons .did modi even address the problems of indian labourers in uae.
modi ji visited masjid in uae in view of crucial bihar elections! who will be benefited if your party contests bihar elections?
modi in uae about 200 workers broke into applause when mr modi arrived at an indoor basketball court yesterday at a large 1 3
modi ministry assam cm seeks clarification from pm modi on naga accord
membership in the unsc for india is a big big step modi is pushing for...
to power for another 25 years.total generation will be ruined. don t be soft on corrupt congress.send this msg to namo thanx.
the only takeaway from modis independence day speech hes living in a gilded cage
did go meet modi?
cumon..dont link everything wid modi.thailand is a big country wid huge issues of its own
cag raps narendra modi govt for rs 17,000 cr losses the times of india via
modi jees visit or no visit to mosques must not be politicised.gud relations with uae will benefit people of
good to see pm modi in a mosque.so no politics please.we are secular.
congress clearly lost their mental balance seeing modi s rising global popularity graph. sends pottymouths like ajay kumar to abuse him..
how nice it would be , if few congressmen and opposition leaders listen to him??!!
modi govt is committed to orop.the govt has to face the after effects.brindas have no responsibility and can talk as they want
even these idiots, whose successive government undermined services, are showing concern for orop...besharam sale!
master saboteur jai italy s finest hour! achilles would hang his head in shame. the ultimate trojan. what time is clown modi s
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment dubai prime minister narendra modi today held talks with v...
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm modi s address to indian diaspora in dubai modiin uae v
the dismal state of indian labourers in uae had modi really worried pm modi who is in the united arab emirate...
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vi...
apparently allotted during modi s visit. no idea about the location and type of temple they would allow to be built.
follow me pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister naren... follow back
inside dubai stadium. going to witness modi magic live. very happy.
wont cave in to pressure on black money law pm
honest man is always feared
glad this fellow invite modi to hell i presume he s in hell
its good one achievements if modi
only modi can spread joy in this way. meets labourers and clicks pics with them now heading to stadium with modi modi chants modi in dubai
perceptions matter more in diplomacy thn reality. but for him perhaps intimacy.
pm modi accused anti nationalist ngos, of harbouring anti national agenda but paid media silent on it !
relevant question, why leave that choice to him.... double standerd
modi in dubai crowd chanting modi modi
is right.
here s the proof of modi s ignorance
see the beef etongueort in india during modi regime when he banned beef killing in india depriving poor eating beef.
watch live pm narendra modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium...
two birds with one stone did pm modi go to abu dhabi mosque with an eye on bihar polls? bhutan and banglades...
man!! grow up !! he is doing som
good timing with the unprecedented hype of s state visit to the uae and modi in dubai campaign
breaking people chanting modi modi inside mosque r not just indian but mostly paki amp bangladeshis.. modi in dubai
dubai set to welcome pm modi via
no dear journos, sanjiv bhatt is not someone who took on guj govt modi . he is someone who put baseless allegations rejected
r
a liar deceives himself more than anyone, for he believes he can remain a person of good character when he cannot.
i appreciate modi ji that who can do in last 3o years he did that in only one year with his uae visit
team follow back pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment follow back
newly added ncp chief sharad pawar to meet pm modi, fm arun jaitley over farmers loans
makes a lot of sense btw, who is protesting us from him?
still waiting for mr modi s tweet in malyalam from dubai modi in dubai
keep it coming sir...h i wish i ws there in tht stadium...namo namo
marhaba namo 50000 indians etongueected to attend first of its kind reception ... via
50000 people irrespective of any religious prejudice, are waiting to see modi in uae.
swacch bharat oh oh ewww! jumla babu where is the sangathan or the modi army to make india clean?
if you don t have access to a tv set right now, watch pm modi s dubai speech live here
pm for i m ...
by visiting uae amp sheikh zayed mosque, what modi ji did to adarsh liberals...!
exactly modi in dubai
someone has suggested on facebook that the people who chanted modi! modi! from the mosque were sent there in advance from india.
orop scheme congress accuses pm modi of cheating ex servicemen
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress
is the perfect name of
accordingly to his work
seculars worried so much after modi ji visited to uae. but dont worry guys burnol is on the way.
all our politicians are of space age. if modi ji promised moon, rahulg promises jupiter.
q what would narendra modi call a moshpit?
a large mitron collider
i ll be signing personalised apology notes for this on
pm modi s visit to uae has multi dimensional effect bjp
this shows the hold sonia gandhi has in modi cabinet.
ahhh. if it isn t whatabouttary, its shouldhavedonnary
modi is not on a real mission in dubai unless he climbs the burj khalifa building from the outside. blue is glue
modi did it again
will the rss now dunk modi in gaumutra to do his shuddhi karan for hugging and cohabiting with mullas dhimmis? smileysmiley
narendra modi we must be number 1 in startups via start ups start up india
?s sincerity amp honesty of ed amp now1more ltr 2pm na mo on inaction by ed in nhcase
eager to hear modi !
prime minister narendra modi je is for all 130 crores citizens of hindustan. modi je emerging as world powerfull peace love loving leader
modi in dubai live 50000 nris to gather at dubai cricket stadium for indian ... via
total twts 6261, participants 1262, original twts 976
damn! this is funny..
india today spectators brave 40 degrees heat outside dubai cricket stadium to listen to modi modi in dubai
arabs concocted wid modi 2 promote hidutva? pl pick up d issue
feeling proud of modi amp also about the fact that the sultan was gracious enough to acknowledge.tells lot abt sultan.
and we took 34 years to recognie who are our real friends. luckily we have a leader like modi.
thank you uae !!
on the move visits 25 countries in 15 months
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm modi s address to indian diaspora in dubai
thanks a lot sir for updating with
sheikh of mosque told media first time i listen that the peoples shouting modi modi instead of azaan modi in dubai
the greatest fear was modi becoming pm and that happened now there is nothing to fear
indian etongueats in gear up for marhaba namo.
modi rocksin dubai modi in dubai
om namo bhagavathe vasudevaya
bhagavad gita day 3 discourse with will begin soon.
watch
true! my course group getting agitated! all sorts of rumours floating in whatsapp defence groups! modi bashing n
our generation has heard about various political revolutions but never witnessed one. marhaba namo has fulfilled that desire. long live namo
symbolism continues to hold the community back.
modi getting a tremendous reception at a stadium in uae. last time an indian got such a reception at an uae stadium was
all credit for this goes to rajiv gandhi who was the 1st indian to ever count successfully from 1 to 18500.
latest indias modi visits united arab emirates dw news
modi should also play cricket at sharjah. modi in dubai
submitting to by rg amp recognizing namo as his leader brightens his future as the official spokesman for women welfare
some pseudo secular s asked why narendra modi went to mosque saying that muslim leaders and that uae leaders in...
great if modi come to pak he attract more ppl than any pak leader modi in dubai
wow! what a fare!
modi hey, i just met you and this is crazy, but here s my number, make in india maybe?
modi sir we r proud of you . really a true and honest global leader
india keen to foster strategic partnership with uae in trade, counter terrorism pm modi
with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list prime minister narendra modis linkedln...
why do i get the feeling that this blast is screening namo s dubai visit !!!
what we now know is namo has a good fan following even among native muslims of uae. human behaviour never ceases to surprise.
so 3bs bbb cant stand namo 3ds ddd troll his fans 3cs ccc hate him congis commies corrupt last one thanks
modi blockbuster in uae has sicularists in shock and trauma diggy driven mad, needs a
pm modi got 999999999 problems but a foreign tour ain t one.
modi in uae about 200 workers broke into applause when mr modi arrived at an indoor basketball court yesterday at
modi fails to act as a mature amp worthy pm. he keeps blaming cong in india but why he does so when on foreign soil?! reflects p
the hindu supporter of sickulars.
how ironic! shd ve renamed it the christian as he married one.
lol...ur comparing with manmohan with modi.
rss modi is not worried for janata but friends businessmen amp paid media.
pm modi to arrive in dubai at 5pm times now times of india blog
celebration...
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium via
rahul uses a paper chit to make three monkeys attack on pm modi in parliament
chingam 1 2015 keralities celebrate malayalam new year pm modi, offers greetings via
me as a writer have some right to decide aur modi ji ke raj main mujhe vo bhi nahi milega kaya tongue
modi govt is taking the initiative to repeal outdated laws. we must jettison useless laws which have relevance to our time.
modi have to convince investors..forget past etongue..govt.creating ease n atmosphere..congress hv to accept reality n bear criticism.
if they did this in mumbai, police would have hauled them to thana, made them call their parents amp fined re 1200
cultural show at cricket stadium ahead of narendra modi s arrival to address the indian community in the...
difference between bjp and congress is modi.
congress strategy dent modi s image at any cost
bjp strategy save modi s image at any cost
all nris can have e votes in indian elections. is namo going to announce it in modi rocks in dubai s event?
lolol. exactly what you said
thank you mr al qassemi.
watch pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium on youtube
lol....ur comparing manmohan with modi
modi bjp government and rss both cant make temple ram mandir in india.and want to make in uae laughing
modi plans september trip to fit obama s schedule via
marhaba namo 50k indians etongueected 2 attend first of its kind reception 4 modi rocksin dubai
petition to tn govt against tn cong prez evks elangovan for sexist remark against modi and jj via
bjp strategy save modi s
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai at 9.30 pm 10 developments prime minister narendra modi will today address a massive ind...
will pm modi sanction orop when all these old veterans are alive. to suite the calculation should not sanction after most of them are left.
dear , please take a note aap mla insulted namo s father.
please show it to ur viewers.
100 crore ??? modi always talks about team bharat of 125 crore indians.
absolutely. it s very encouraging for from all across the country
modi in uae pm modi event in dubai cricket stadium will be start with vande mataram
please burnol lagake soon
modi makes india highest growth rate countary in the world.
discerning people appreciate the qualities of a person foreigners, not blinded by indian politicians amp bias, adulate namo.
modi sir welcome!!!!
modi inherited lethargy amp indecisiveness .. he himself confessed in dubai .. idhar bhi dna, kyun jumla babu
this is what pm modi wrote at the mosque s vistors book
narendra modi je pm aim is to bring world togather as friendly country to make world peacefull develope. happiness good life in the world
you can watch namo in dubai here gt marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai
the modi is very knownloge all world rech .aneway.2020 india most world .yes
the uae on sunday decided to allot land for building a temple there, the first in the emirati capital as modi visits h
pm shri narendra modi recently visited city, abu dhabi.
know more about masdar in this video
me as a reader have some right to decide aur modi ji ke raj main mujhe vo bhi nahi milega kaya tongue
39 men from punjab were also migrant labourers. needs to discuss this with gcc!
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the hindu all the news
link to article
absolutely...no presence. luk faaaar right, some seats are empy...tht too 3 hours b4 d program. he is failed in uae!
watch live marhaba namo
the modi magic
they re the ones that delayed the decision for .
now they ve suddenly discovered concern for the forces.
engineerbyheart then sachin sachin
now modi modi
one trillion dollar investment possible in india, says modi the hindu namo namo
this pic was being circulated in def groups as today s headline with glee that this is how modi greeted in uae
hi , have a nice sleep
i hope modi sarkar is not confusing the dollar with a branded apparel which is hugely advertised by akshay kumar, i think.
don t tell me d sheikh just bent modi to his knee made him doggy style...
mr.abhijit wat n hw do u etongueect namo to do sumthing wen parliament is not allowed to function? stating prob is easy,provide ans?
uae govt allots land to build hindu temple in abu dhabi, narendra modi welcomes decision
pm modi to address 50000 indians in dubai at 9.30 pm 10 developments namo namo
meanwhile someone from sharjah is thinking outside modi s speech venue, traffic ham hai yahan.
modi in temple communal
modi in mosque tourist location
what s next modi sud meet allah himself to prove ?
modi etongueecting cooperation on terrorism from a muslim state !
rajdeep sardesai s reaction after modi ji visited sheikh zayed mosque....!!
modi in uae.
goodness to me is freedom from made in china amp make in india modi dream s fulfilled. driven by goodness contest alert.
stfu! at least you are not eligible to talk on this issue.u were in power for all these days and did nothing. s
worst fears coming true
why does modi have to go to other coutries to see bollywood dances? why not see it in bollywood itself? modi in d
with disrupt india initiative, india can go to very core of modi s call for startup india .
yes. india does not have mosques. so pm had to visit uae to show a white flag to the minorities here. 1 2
modi ji is spreading the wave f namo evrywhere modi in dubai proud on modi proud being his supporter desh ka nam roshan kar rh
shows clearly modi govt. has no vision no overall integrated multi cohesive,multi complementary plans to budget
secondly, if modi is 1st pm to visit uae in 34 yrs, how it s belatedly? thirdly, meeting countrymen politics?
marhaba modi.
cultural performances sta ed .modiji to arrive anytime soon
his critics have a point. where is the modi wave
just coz esms hv criticized goi on orop n modi has got negative publicity some bjp bhakts hv been criticizing esms ..all
globe trotter feku spending tax payers money on world tours in search of black money
strongly condemn blast in bangkok.my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of injured, tweets pm modi
some think,
it mandatory to oppose even good acts of ji,
just because they are following
grow up
today 1 65.45 rs , where is sri sri ravi shankar? who said 1 will be 40rs when modi comes to power
with modi at the helm i am finally amp for the first time proud to be a hindustani
modi in uae 5 ways in which pm modi received a fancy welcome 56 rocks
prelude to sept. obama modi summit india amp us boost cybersecurity cooperation.
need investment, trade on agenda.
strongly condemn blast in bangkok.my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of injured, tweet
why pm modi was silent on ceasefire violations.
modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness! time to take a break!
dubai set to welcome pmmodi
every its a hype
uae assures modi on tightening the screws on dawood. if happens it ll be a big fp win over pak and against terror
via narendra mo
upon his return, modi should just go straight to jantar mantar. sit with esm and clear the air around orop.
my needles
any delay in infrastructure development will lead to increase in unemployed skilled youth. so we see modi pushing infrastr development.
as u know they are pessimist ,now they are complaining ,topi nahi pehne,
right now the crowd for prime minister of india narendra modi at dubai cricket stadium.
the delhi universtity alumini website, do not have modi name in it...
i strongly condemn the blast in ,my thoughts are with the families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the injured modi
craze for namo not just in india it surpasses even some world s political leaders.
bhakts have removed mulla word from their dictory till seikhs of uae are enjoying modi.
handles created by as pro modi ones initially, then attack, abuse and spin hatred!
example
instead of being selfish.. modi cud also invited some pakis to the dubai stadium..it wud hv been a warm gesture tweet like
i liked a video pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
list of 25 countries which pm modi visited in 15 months
thank you once again mr al qassemi.
i don t know whether mr modi will be able to refurbish his image among muslim masses,by sitting with arab dictators
weren t they supposed to send own spokesperson every time modi travelled abroad?? seems they forgot already.
thank you mr. modi
50,000 indians to attend first of its kind reception for pm modi in dubai
stage is set for modi magic
pm modi s visit to uae will enhance cooperation in energy amp trade and promote india as an attractive destination for inves
critics are awesome..chutiye saale
cultural performances at dubai cricket stadium ahead of pm s address to indian diaspora in
probably he had a wild dream. says 1000s sent by flight just for that purpose as if it is for
where is the modi wave.. indigestion alert!
pm narendra modi s silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan hurtful omar abdullah
video pm modi meets vice president amp ... via
oh wow wat a grt time modi ji having....i mean we r having...thanku uae....
namos popularity has not diminished at all as namo in dubai proves it !
are sir 9 00 pm ist modi will address
modi 1st indian pm to visit uae in 30 yrs
because,we had no pm with no work and having no desire to work.
modi in uae ht
hey ram
modi, forain policy is long term
namo hasn t arrived yet plus useless buggers already down wid burnol watch it here
s narendra modi generates hate with despite being a comment
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims aren t hap... bjp women
this is unbelievable.
modi talks of 5crore houses in 7yrs. housing scheme approved by modi govt has only 6lakh houses till 2019. modi in dubai
a big slap to those who said modi is only famous among hindus amp no one knows him outside gujarat.
it had become fashionable to make laws and keep courts busy modi
indeed,and that glorious govt tradition continues
...it will be a symbol of peace, piety, harmony and inclusiveness that are inherent to the faith of islam... modi
modi made of defence irritation
it mandatory to oppose good acts of ji,
marahaba na mo
in a short while pm modi 50k indian people in dubai
speech starts at around 8.30 pm
tune in to any news channel.
bjp manifesto the economist sees split india under modi rebuttal womens site pic.twitter.com aa9jeyra
pm modi holds talk with uae crown prince india tv
that s the reason why modi sir is visiting several countries. hope they will vote when needed.
hahahaa dear kumar plz worry for bihar rest leave it on modi
what s paneer kaliya ?
the prime minister, shri narendra modi in a group photo with the indian workers at the icad...
let s all gear up for world cup mania in uae cricket ground right now, larger than life atmosphere.. yeah its modi
good .credit must be given to modi
this discredited moron still doesn t no that modi already resides in islamic of republic of lutyens
prime minister narendra modi has visited today the historic sheikh zayed grand mosque, uae.
in the known...
i fail to understand when our pm speaks d truth, he thanks all ex pms from red fort amp belittle them on foreign trips
a defence officer will not read khaleez times! this was being circulated as a slap to modi on his dubai visit,total political
he has 14.4m followers on twitter alone. don t need you to quote his tweets.
pm modi s t connection in uae
ha ha.. another act of quid pro quo b w adani and modi. mod gets self publicity shows in lieu of projects to adani.
modi govt is repealing outdated laws. we should jettison all such laws which have no relevance to our time.
modi is silent coz he doesn t want to give opposition a chance to throw muck at him. don t engage, seem above everything, k
50000 people irrespective of any religious prejudice, are waiting to see modi in cricket stadium.....marhabba modi!!!
live telecast marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai
can t wait for modi ji s speech. modi in dubai
modi sirsir i m realy sad for bomb blast .they are not doing well .
modi is following legacy of cong. cong has no face to spk on d issue.
40 degree celsius temperature and 50, 000 people are waiting for namo in dubai
more than 50000 indian people s to listen mr.modi speech in dubai.
bhai,bhai.
... symbol of peace, piety, harmony and inclusiveness that are inherent to the faith of islam... modi
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress new delhi, aug. 17 the congress on su...
ficci india bhairavi jani ficci india absolutely. it s very encouraging for from all across
modi is the modern lawrence of arabia
u get and publish mainly such news journalism of couragesmiley
wow.. all said and done .. modi is of india
modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential kuwait nri s pulse of india
check this...a foreign nation welcoming modi ji
is life... is nagging wife
in pm modi takes a tour of masdar city, a hub of clean technology, in abu dhabi
what we now know is namo has a good fan following even among native muslims of uae. human behaviour never ceases to su
paneer kaliya? aka burnt paneer. sanjay we know what you did there!
they may like namo as the progressive dynamic leader of the world s oldest civilization amp a growing behemoth.
can someone tell mr. modi, that election campaign is over and he s been elected pm. what is this bs in dubai?
where is modi s pic al fainkuu
modi govt. s like
blind man shooting arrows all over skies hoping to target some lucky star dust sprinkle
finaly modi talks about dawood arrest and conquered his wealth at uae
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with the families of the deceased, tweets pm modi
???
not modi but pm of india matter of national self respect hate modi continues
giriraj singh indian muslims go to pak .
modi dubai muslims give us business.
i swear i never saw this much fervour amp excitement even during wc. no matter how much his haters whine, namo is ruling hearts. namo in dubai
strongly condemn blast in . thoughts with families of the deceased. i pray for speedy recovery of injured, tweets pm modi
waiting for modi in dubai cricket stadium at 40 deg c. time is 17.09. another hour and half to go. modi in uae
livetelecast of namo in dubai marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai via
hahaha.... and allow the pakistanis to throw some bombs, that would be very secular..... lol!!!
watch iima or international indian modi academy awards live here
i got too many hate msgs for tweeting on modi
sultan, this modi is not a dignified leader, uae must not felicitate him.modi organised state sponsored violence in gujarat
pm narendra modi at the reception hosted by ambassador of india in united arab emirates uae at dubai photo pib...
just saw that indians even from muscat amp kuwait have come to dubai to hear modi speak. modi in dubai
the more congress criticize modi the more truth comes out. truth n congress runs opposite. so... modi in dubai
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with the families of the deceased, tweets pm narendra modi
watch namo in dubai live
haan par attacking on things modi promised is showing how stupid their arguments are! and he is supposedly admired by lot!
i am modern organized dedicated indian modi . because i could not stop for death
!!!............it seems that ketan mehta being a gujrati, trying impress mr. modi by showing mrs. indira gandhi a...
prime minister narendra modi will today address a massive in..
ed proves again a lap dog of aj congress.this ll definitely discredit modi s assurance to the public on ccorruption s
pm modi attacks previous govts in uae, congress hits back prime minister narendra modi once again attacked pr...
modi is going all we have cultural and historic ties,make in india,strengthen defense ties with all!good!
this moron still doesn t no modi already resides in islamic republic of lutyens
you realized it now, we knew it before may 14, you shamelessly supported modi, now see for yourself the plight
mr.naredra modi is a good pry minister and he wiil do her work perfectly
timesnow oh wow wat a grt time modi ji having....i mean we r having...thanku uae....
pm narendra modi receives a grand felicitation in dubai modi in uae
globetrotting modi visited 25 countries in last one year. what did he get for india ??
if you are not watching any news channels showing the celebrations of modi s visit to uae.
uae masdar inspires pm modi to say science is life via
oh wow what a grt time modi ji is having...i mean we r having..jai ho.vande matram...
this valuable advise will go 2 deaf ears of present govt specially modi
junior doval manages all foreign events of modi..
many rattled at modi s highly successful tour to uae.
all these sonia rant are fine except that bjp and modi don t have guts to stand her . fact only dr swamy can
indian pm modi at abu dhabi s grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims
cong says that modi speaks ill of india on foreign visits, sorry speaking agnst a party isn t spking ill of nation, confused ? namo in dubai
interesting if true modi narrows down repub. day chief guest choice to cameron, lofven, hollande
hilarious speech by
disclaimer some punch lines are so hilarious that you might die laughing
one more handwriting.
here comes a jihadi doing some favour to me!!!
ab to bacha lo modi rupee ends at over 2 year low of 65.31 dollar
winter sessionsmiley
one step forward, seven steps back for foreign relations.
this photoshopped pic doing rounds of defence groups as today s headline wrt modi
big mve2fight terrorism jointly by uae amp india.terrorism in all forms denounced. urge all2dismantle terror bases. well done modi.
love him or hate him but every tweetiya tweets once in the day about
is ur govt allotted land to build temple in abu dhabi during the time of modi visit.
modi s uae visit pm discusses investment opportunities with uae officials
it s time to declare bernol day fo secular parties...! modi gonna rock in uae.. cant wait for his speech.. !
aap leader alka lamba abuses pm s late father damodardas modi on twitter. pls take note of it.
after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people the...
surprising that it is by reuters, not bbc
on second thoughts, when bhakt handles troll me about islam next, i m going to reply with this glowing endorsement from modi lt 3
this independence day feel proud for being a startup in our nation start up india
modi is from terrorist org rss which preaches to create trouble and jumlas
the abu dhabi investment authority adia already having etongueosure at indian sector, we need more..
addition to the silver friend smiley duha namo kabook yay!
no no. first namo sir. aadmele time enadru ulidre let s go shopping together
translat
modi is going all we have cultural and historic ties,make in india,strengthen defense ties with all!good
start up india, stand up india pm modis most emphatic quotes from his independence day spee
strongly condemn blast in . thoughts with families of the deceased. i pray for speedy recovery of injured, tweets p
if had to go to a mosque why in abu dhabi why not to the one just in front of him a day before? modi in dubai
after few years modi, the indian terrorist will claim,,, he himself was behind this act
usa, japan, australia now wherever he goes, he just mesmerizes. congis were like gujrath ke bahar kaun janta hai modi ko? modi in dubai
modiji should say that i am in able to sole veteran s problems. so i will not eat here. but come amp invest in india.
mummy has promised pappu to send him to dubai after modi returns on the ground...he will erase the signatures of modi on enotebk
narendra modi je pm aim is to bring world togather as friendly country to make world peacefull develope. happiness goo
india s modi visits uae labor camp, underscores concern over ...
in our country those who didnt vote modi, feeling their ass burnt today and they need burnol.
modi posting fake selfie!
no sheikh, its general bakshi n another rss member
modi has accepted and denounced many things prior2 elexns,2014 amp did a volte face aftr elexns without any inhibition
my head hangs in shame when i hear modi govt is not pursuing nh case
50,000 indians to hear pm modi in dubaimodi, who is on a two day visit to the united ar...
modi gimmick goes on and on and on.
no comments from about modi s uae visit on her tl yet.....
wonder why?
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad, says congress pmo india
that s a great idea. cc
again slapped anti modi media and people during his uae visit. great leader doing everything for the nation. namo in dubai
tandoori lamb chops for non veg!
shameful spin from pti and reuters via niticentral offstumped report
rss ditched advani after he visited jinnah shrine. this time modi visiting grand mosque at uae. does rss know?
watch modi live in dubai... nam oin dubai
thank god modi did not visit thailand recently or else ppl like wud have correlated blasts as reaction
pm modi condemns blast in bangkok, etongueressed condolences to the families of peoples who lost their lives.
poison of communal frenzy has no place in india pm modi
it s a modi magic
rt
dance performance begins... stadium roaring with vande mataram.
modi fever grips dubai !! wherever modi goes the roar follows modi in dubai
pm flies all the way to uae to get indian food.
prime minister narendra modi je is for all 130 crores citizens of hindustan. modi je emerging as world powerfull peace
desh drohi will never understand the sense of nation pride amp joy that pm modi brings 2 indians where ever he goes!
is there an armani pepper paneer kaliya?
wht is d status ? r i going to listen namo ?
burning raga, bomb blast in bangkok and another in his heart when he sees and hears namo chants namo in dubai
pm modi condemns blast in , etongueressed condolences to the families of peoples who lost their lives.
superb
modi s mosque visit attracts mixed response from muslims agra mufti mudasar ali qadri praised modi s decision...
narendra modi je pm hindustan tourring some foreign country for boosting developement work amp to make powerfull hindust
also by the end of 2019 he would have stolen 50 billion from india to bjp s election
hii gelathi proudkannadathi, want to get iph0ne 6 for free? please go check my bi0. thx
absolutely .. we can etongueect modi embracing islam but not sharifs or zardari etc saying no to us, uk, saudia.
but the real question is is modi wave still there??
adarsh liberals then why does nt modi ji visit any islamic country?
now
why doesnt he visit indian mosques?
doesn t attendance at a dargah in ahmedabad count?
bjp4tamilnadu isupportnamo pm narendra modi at reception hosted by ambassador of india in dubai photo courtesy ani
india pm modi to begin two day visit to uae
re plug reading modi s august 15 speech my piece for
it is like a festival in uae . really proud of you modi g. you are awesome...
modi s 1 year performance 12 reasons to be proud satyameva jayate
modi at least tries with his selfie antics.
i am an admirer of prime minister narendra modi s vision, says bassi delhi police chief the hindu
marhaba namo dubai gripped with namo magic. modi in dubai .
i don t know if you also keep these stats but after becoming pm, how many days has modi spent in india and out of india?
no achievements, so our newspapers discuss menus during modiji s tours.
why modi is no longer ignoring the world, by modi in dubai
opinion 3 big stand out points in modi s speech by
visit to mosque amp land for temple.
hello sekulars amp adarsh liberals, whether modi became secular ? or uae became commu
rahul ji yr intervention too required here to save poor from this artificial inflation created by traders belongs to modi camp
all these sonia rant are fine except that bjp and modi don t have guts to stand her . fact only
such a electrifying atmosphere in dubai for modi.. most of them might be keralites..land of commis will soon saffronise.
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice presid...
if you know, you know.
desh drohi will never understand the sense of nation pride amp joy that pm modi brings 2 indians where ever he g
cong media dent modi image at any cost
our generation has heard about various political revolutions but never witnessed one. marhaba namo has fulfilled that desire. l
aap supports only jdu amp not lalu is same as saying i support only modi and not rss , its a baggage. why support corrupts?
if everything will be done by modi what will the dynasty stooges do. it s your standard. enjoy
my firstpost article on how a gujarati thali and sanjeev kapoor followed modi all the way to a state dinner in uae.
modiyapa by chef pm modi likes bajra roti, khichdi taste with simplicity is cuisine s key . like the 10 lac suit?
feeling more proud to get such pm namo who stand with all indians...
kiski azadi mrs ? rightly observed about people like u
..strategic shift is happening..
no doubt
opposition must wait till 2019
allow mandated time pls
modi in dubai . after sh zayed mosque modi will make it to wailing wall in jerusalem with more lan.
modi should apologise for misleading the veterans.
ha!that s what an .. as that of does!mobilise a sixth of entire race!! modi magic
how nervous r d seculars of kerala.!!?
there is lot of goodwill for namo abroad amp india despite what ever opposition may say. he can use this to push forward
see the crowd, getting ready for narendra modi in dubai feeling excited at dubai international cricket stadium
not surprice by seeing jumla babu trending nw a days a paki coments on indian fb pages against modi nd all sikcular likes the comt
congress party raising senseless useless filthy unbenifitable to hindustani questions. no need to answer by bjp nda p
whatever.. namo is here to stay 2 full terms !!
salaam. dr sahab, kindly do throw some light on this
surprised to see pm modi in a mosque. he may visit a few in india for a change of heart.
modi lot of flights between india amp uae. there are 1000 s of train to our villages! never visited by a pm. y dont you g
etongueert in making dialouge but poor in action
modi departs for dubai prime minister narendra modi on monday left for dubai on the second leg of his uae vis...
a claim that it was allotted earlier.
good night saarrr
pm modi s special package for bihar on august 18 dharmendra pradhan via
narendra modi was right in visiting in a workers camp in abu dhabi. his uae visit s success should be cont
i can only imagine how narendra modi s mother must be feeling for seeing her son getting so much love from all over the world smiley
look at you! reduced to having wet dreams...man, i feel sorry for you. do consult someone or this modi hate will consume you.
jumla baba he looks camera wala than a chai wala
modi and the muslim world via
modi in dubai .. stadium packed 3 hour before the event
sir your need to reach people directly not tweet thru others. its the need of the hour. need to build direct connects like modi
implement in urgent time frame 10 ex service chiefs to pm
one rank one pension
there is a difference b w powerful amp popular or loveable leader.
obama is powerful,modi is popular.
marhaba namo marhaba modi modi in dubai
shocked ! 2c so many rss bjp men hindus only of course waiting in cricket stadium dubai 2 welcome modi. sahi me jugadu hai modi man gaye.
u dont have to worry abour namo is already ther u only think about future of and
she wants modi to perform nautanki and when caught play a victim role suck minded.
modi needs to convince indians...that enacting pro investment policies is in fact the only pro poor strategy...
dubai stadium 4 hour before the event of pm modi .. 70,000 people registered for the event.
that nagging mother in law congress.
selfie queen, travel enthusiast, millennial daughter in law narendra modi.
gathering crowds like a football match is an art only pm modi knows modi in dubai
when i was in school ..... india is developing country like that modi saying we ll implement ! my q for modi ji when when amp when modi ji
baaghi tv pm modis strategic visit to uae
see the impact of modi ....
i pray for the speedy recovery of the injured modi
na mo in dubai excited to see narendra modi my pm na mo traveling to dubai international cricket stadium .
ndtv pm modi s special package for bihar on august 18 dharmendra pradhan
the only takeaway from modis independence day speech hes living in a gilded cage via
ranveer sena mass murderers are now in bjp. no surprise modi and amit shah having highest murder record keeps them.
. writes to , blames ed chief of scuttling probe in national herald case
times now pm narendra modi receives a grand felicitation in dubai modi in uae
dawood is heavily invested in uae ..
now modi wishes to bring fdi from uae ..
so is dawood being welcomed by jumla babu?
private channels aren t allowed on foreign trips and dd news has access to the kitchen where modi s lunch is prepared
everywhere
modi in dubai cultural performances started with indian traditional dance
india today dailyo why modi is no longer ignoring the world, by minhazmerchant
haha....sudheen is forgetting a super sarcasm sing board in all of his tweets i guess...
pappu s influence outside kangress.... nebody aware..??????
there is a difference b w powerful amp popular loveable leader.
obama is powerful, modi is popular.
consider seeing narendra a wet dream!! my! they sure have moved on from their usual sunny leone! laughing
namo in dubai watch live broadcast
modi is not on a real mission in dubai unless he climbs the burj khalifa building from the outside.
last message of general hameed gul to modi before his death exclusive video
see modi in dubai cricket stadium live on dd news 8 00 pm modi in dubai
congressis are pissed that pm modi took a dig at them on foreign soil by saying he inherited lethargy from...
pm not wearing skull cap..dressed up in saffron..n people chanting modi modi ..islam is in danger.. modi in uae
friend in dubai says first time we indians feel here that we have a leader modi who is immensely respected by local and native people.
bt he is in the stadium na? matlab tweet and the related feelings come even if modi is busy attending something else
ht tweets jayanthjacob this is what pm modi wrote at the mosque s vistors book
did you remember the protesting veterans, mr bachhan? you are filthy rich, do some some good,avoid photo ops like modi ji.
lol! modi becoming a muslim!
will modi ask real jaitaly2stand ? ed is filled with puccachor implants amp jaitley entertains them skepticalcreenname
after visiting 7 muslim majority countries modi finally found 1 which is not constitutionally secular. even that country gifted him a mandir
people waiting for their turn to enter stadium to listen to narendra modi in dubai at 9 pm
45 degree temperature.
not only in india but modi wave works in whole world. pic from dubai modi in dubai
great going sir
the plain truth!
indian community in the uae waiting eagerly to see mr. narendra modi live.
modi meets uae pm
sri modi ji pl. give what one rank one pension people are asking at the cost of citizens of india
17anandmlib mahindrareva goodness to me is freedom from made in china amp make in india modi dream s fulfilled.
interesting that sanghi amp bhakt are fine w modi visiting mosque but sickulars are jumping up amp down!
modi ji is doing what upaii cudn t do implement its own programs amp schemes.
private channels aren t allowed on foreign trips and dd news has access to the kitchen where modi s lunch is prepared ht
friend in dubai says first time we indians feel here that we have a leader modi who is immensely respected by loca
gear up for
50k ppl at pm modi s mega reception,palpable excitement,crowd cheering amp chanting ..poor congis amp libtards gt life is getting tougher!
modi going to speach at sarjah
but someone from said that no one knows modi out of gujarat....
its never before marhaba modi all the way in dubai. modi in dubai
the military ignores obama s order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo
heheheh this is like rofl
modi in dubai modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb
he should ve talked about the fair treatment to them. yet, it was a satisfying trip
cameron seems a long shot. perhaps to sweeten modi s autumn visit to london.
an .. as that of does!mobilise 1.3bn fr nation !
the largest gathering on foreign land to welcome non religious leader
modi is live from dubai! modi in dubai
pm of ur nation visits a for diplomacy. citizens behave like idiots on twitter making fun of it. so much for interest in progress
poor bhakth
any comments
modi s leap of vision is india ready for a larger role? narendra modi
even as a modi supporter, i have 2 say, such a big fall or increase in just 1 yr cant be attributed to one entity
hope modi realises the more he delays the more he loses
jumla baba he looks camera wala more than a chai wala
aap tards r more worried for what modi ji is doing.. idiots look at the condition of delhi, made it garbage. modi in ua
is it necessary for this genius man to remind modi what should be his concern and to whom he matters.
that too land that was allotted in 2013 under upa rule. modi s tweet made it seems that it was current
white girl with modi in black dress..and black kid with modi in white dress. something fundamentally wrong. jus kidding
after visiting 7 muslim majority countries modi finally found 1 which is not constitutionally secular. even that country g
not till modi announces he has been circumcised will he be able to convince the mullahs he means no harm.
another dumb article by
sad...few tv channels already announced that modi returning back wth dawood from dubai
they will
modi sarkar can be summed up as broken promises, boastful claims. shattered dreams, a nation betrayed
dawood is behind bomb blast in bangkok he want show his prowess to world but he cant do so in any arab country to show modi in abudhabi
visits 25 countries in 15 months modi in dubai modi in uae
insa alla iss hermaphrodite namo chhutkara deo.what he preeched before election not done. lost all stoic sense even !
modi sarkaar will disclose the names of account holders in swiss bank after investigation,blow to congis amp aaptards!
well duh! i know that,don t blind yourself with swamy bhakti! i criticize modi far more than you do of dr.s, so....
badjao!
watch etonguelaining his rebel cricket system
that is how modi rolls! can t wait to read your astute analysis column on this!
after pakistan,modi govt opts for nsa level talks with uae.sushma s role in foreign policy is officially being eclipsed by doval
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are 8 other things he was the first to do
the indian prime minister narendra modi attends the reception hosted by the indian community in
how are you modi sir
big mve2fight terrorism jointly by uae amp india.terrorism in all forms denounced. urge all2dismantle terror bases. well don
for all n modi haters modi in dubai
narinder modi right work for india.thanks for narinder modi sir
brains in skull of critics etongueosed by pm modiji?
they r just not rotten but smelling foul amp filthy..beyond limits..!
on what time modi sir will start his speech in dubai. please
the demands will continue tull
joint statement between the united arab emirates and the republic of india
see modi in dubai cricket stadium live on dd news 8 00 pm modi in dubai modi in uae
agree if modi becomes pm this time then he will be our pm for next 15 years for sure!
thank u namo for giving us so many reasons to smile.
may god grant u the loooooongest life. india loves u.
cultural performances going on ahead of narendra modi s arrival at namo in dubai marhaba namo community reception
marhaba modi chants in dubai.burnol moment fr sickulars,libtards,aaptards and congresstards modi in dubai
if pm modi brought back underworld then it wud b gr8 not making mandir in uae.
namo may be jumla babu from last 1.5 yrs but gandhi nehru s are jumla baby since 15 august 1947. sorry to inc supporters but this is truth
modi s public speaking in dubai is a massive show of india s soft power in entire middle east. uae is a model country for entire arabs
omg dear sis i just cant believe it...modi ji were also singing national anthem with u. u sing good, and
fact this important relationship was neglected for more than 3 decades suggests a class bias. good on modi.
pure sixer hee marte hai.. love you sirji..respect as well..
now ppl hindus or muslims should know that rss bjp modi is not against muslims but upa supporters are!
notice how uae is perpetuating the stereotype of north indian food as indian
islamabad may suffer stroke. its big defeat of pak diplomacy. now v see our army hired by uae to safeguard them. kudos to modi
today is right, modi s program. but remaining days that is like a common channel. what help from it?
we are hearing this after every foreign visit of . fooling also has a etongueiry date !!
the visit of a mosque by a cong pm would have been derided as pseudo secularism. what about modi s visit of mosque in uae?
nothing short term with modi, that is my astute analysis from my etongue with vibrant gujarat!
retards, aaptards amp other sick ular minds are rattled with modi popularity amp success. yeh vikasvirodhi, deshviriodhi amp janvirodhi
tv news of loc killings, gang raps,bomb blasts were happening came as for ppl but he broken thier hearts, he failed miserably
very nice modi
i non secular muslim country agreeing to make a mandir is a victory of secularism..its a gift for hindus in tht cntry not modi
it means for all bad amp evil things lord shaneeshwara is responsible. now the adarsh liberals hv found a reason 2 castigate modi.
modi the gujarat riots master planner also accepted that india was behind bangladesh seperation.
march against monsanto terror what are gmos? understanding genetically modi , see more
aug. 16 17 indian prime minister narendra modi will visit the united arab emirates.
stratfor
pretty shocking given the number of indians who work there and remittances they send back.neglected diaspora.
perfect timing! on and the muslim world.
kyon na kahe?!! if modi governance is indeed so revolutionary amp progressive after 15years of modi rule why is
amid border hostilities, modi visits jammu likely to announce mega ...
i need s pr team. glorification is unreal.
as usual..dubai is all set a create a new world record fr noise pollution with the chants of modi,modi .
modi is not briefed by concerned officials of these cease fire violations!?
kyo ki videsh ke logo me sahi aur galt ki tamiz he.thts y they value n respect modi and not the shiiiittt kejru
best thing did in recent time. voted for modi as pm. feeling proud for voting modi in dubai
did i miss the modi speech in dubai? what time is it happening? modi in dubai
govt role modi pressurised sbi he himself present th
lol she upset namo not at loc gt yeah pm should have been there when she destroyed sweet shop too ! dumb as dumb as one can be !
naveen to zee media if rahul is flop, then nobody knows outside
a snapshot of arabic newspapers coverage of namo s visit to the uae
wallah... wallah.... very proud of you sir
modi.....modi.... modi
for me if u r against modi,u r against nation
another visual proof, how rss organizing modi pr events overseas...no money trail required,we all know financer!
modi s public speaking in dubai is a massive show of india s soft power in entire middle east. uae is a model country for e
what next
modi is getting a high fm intl. welcomes.. not realising that the respect he gets is thanks to the power n strength of our armed forces. sad
lalit modi was a loser, now he seems to have lost his mental balance too. he shouldn t have any tight to communicate
somebody shud ask these maulana how many temple they hv visited till date
modi says he prays for the recovery of the injured in the blast in bangkok
modi will hit sixers and fours from dubai cricket stadium..
bombing in bangkok. will seculars blame rss? hindus? guj riots? babri demolition? modi? what now sirs?
so much for modi ji s election rhetoric on recognising soldiers contribution. he proved to be a pure politician
bjp states meat ban.mod govt is happily etongueorting meat instead of ban.india no1 etongueorter of meat under modi govt. namo in dubai
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium prime minister naren...
sir 10 min of rain in bhopal created long traffic jam in.concrete in mp, mr.modi is there to handle international issues
modi to visit in november lee zipped news
modi at uae. at least he should find gajaa ka dost and kalla thoni.
plz realize dt status anti , pro india.their main structure run by hindus amp british, rep in
dawood is behind bomb blast in bangkok he want show his prowess to world but he cant do so in any arab country to show mo
it is astonishing that most of learned people politicians and even ex servicemen are unable to read mr. modi, pm, correctly.
all good on foreign policy front, bt domestic politics remains a bone to na mo success at home
i am a modi fan but same thought came to my mind also
in border areas flays for his policy
has modi ever asked you to visit the temples in india ?
50k ppl at pm modi s mega reception,palpable excitement,crowd cheering amp chanting ..poor congis amp libtards gt life is g
sir my 2.5 old year son recognises your picture in book modi,media and muslims says modi ki jai.
is salman khan s bajrangi bhaijaan driving message home and changing things for mr modi in dubai
modi live in dubai at dubai cricket stadium, marhaba namo event at least 50 buses will operate ...
modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential modi, who later travelled to dubai...
it s a house full at the international cricket stadium for pm modi s public address. marhaba modi
dailyo why modi is no longer ignoring the world, by minhazmerchant modi in
when our war veterans r on fast here for orop,modi is enjoying in dubai. .
modi sarkar has been government of self, selfies and selfishness!! on jumla babu
namo in dubai brings back the memories and the excitement we felt to hear namo in us
singh biswajeet another visual proof, how rss organizing modi pr events overseas...no mo
which person will read so closely! it is being marketed as today s paper response to modi in uae!
modi 18 hr work schedule 6hrs makeup room. 6hrs rehearsing next jumla, 3hrs next foreign trip 3hrs admiring himself in mirror.
orop will be implemented soon v k singh believe amp trust on modi s words
then i thought modi will give it back to pak in his own style
plz tell modi to build one for us watch his videos hows he suppressed godra case
wish modi would someday care to tweet on vyapam massacre! wondering if indian lives don t have value?! hmm...
dear pm modi ji,
we ve got 999999999 problems other than foreign tours.
regards.
more burnol.. dubai..people waiting in q 2 see ther hero namo
today 1 65.45 rs , where is ravi shankar? who said 1 will be 40rs when modi comes to power!
why modi dont feel shame on vetrans sitting on streets fr orop ??
it is easy to say.but hard to done.promises of namo.it will take 10 to 15 years to complete the promises
modi just met rouhani, will go to ksa, receive erdogan and meet bibi, again. an me strategy at work vi
would you reject a dinner invitation with modi with the same menu? just asking.
the takeaway from modis independence day speech hes living in a gilded cage.many extravagant claims. via
i like modi sarkar
credit must be given to our pm modi
arab already donated land for temple in 2013 tongue namo in dubai
modi in dubai congress slams pm for attacking upa on foreign soil
that reminds me of rahul gandhi s alleged parchi !
with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list prime minister narendra modi s linkedln profile is
its equally disturbing to note that prof sen did nothing in3yrs except drawing salary amp roaming around the world.
doctor sir, is there not mosque in india for modi to bow, all the way going to uae to do that! shame on hindus
it s a full house at the international cricket stadium for pm modi. marhaba namo
two great stars pm modi, amp chef sanjeev,hand in hand,nice
is not namo
people in dubai flocking to the cricket stadium to catch a glimpse of indian pm narendra modi. modi in dubai
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the injured pm modi
love in dubai
check out these funny posters! d
agree on that!
lol she upset namo not at loc gt yeah pm should have been there when she destroyed sweet shop too ! dumb as du
i thought ur existence ws nt depended on coursing modi. welcome to the gang of congress nd aap
how does it namo do it ? cozies up to israel, hosts iran fm in delhi and 2 days later diplomatic coup with uae !
enemy and that too
cheap one
always look for opportunity to harm and hurt.
india under modi,
etongueact
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims aren t happy ...
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims aren t hap...
certain journalists do not have intellectual depth to discuss anything substantial about modi in uae. they discuss modi s food menu instead.
sad fr thm who cant make it to the stadium.still all respect to those who tried their best to come.
muslims fear rising tide of hindu nationalism in modis india
they called sanjeev kapoor to cook for him, whatever he cooked, modi ate.
boss , app ho na wahan pe. modi darta hai. you find politics in every word of modi....ooo....maarrrr
ha ha .. looks like i m getting trolled by modi gang and d company both .. touched raw nerve of jumla babu ?
ha ha making fun of poor desi modi.
apt description of s antics!
indian pm winning arab hearts could change the way how indian muslims view themselves and how they see modi
india s pm modi attending investor s meet in uae
he is bigger jerk than rahul.
5. new slogans. new jumlas. modi is a talk shop. action missing. must sit n talk in parliament. and travel inside india.
govt focussing on social security modi
please tell me the link for live modi ji speech
specially for enjoy ! modi in dubai
so advani goes to pak and calls jinnah a great leader. modi in uae discovers goodness in islam.
aap supporters are jealous that the prince himself is hosting modi unlike their god who got hosted by a fake company and hence trending shit
i guess we are told bck in india that modi is being hated by a certain community. the pic says otherwise modi in dubai
sir please share details of all proposals by india..i m sure thr many more interesting proposal frm mr. modi s ahmedabadi mind..
as many as 2 million in , now finally land 4 one temple allocated as pm modi visits
mint narendra modi seeks 1 trillion in investments from uae.
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are 8 other things he was the first to do via
burnol moment for modi haters!
narendra modi comes from a movement widely perceived as against social justice.
a little bit happening ...
very bad that modi is showing insensitivity towards j amp k situation where he had promised rosy picture.
it seems armchair strategists are unhappy that pm modi does not conduct pak diplomacy thru media. conflict resolution indu
rise in religious bigotry under comes with increasing threats to foreign in rape epidemic in india
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium.
by this tweet u hav proved tht u r modi s servile devotee n wild with rage over answers to u. what a snive
cultural performances sta ed .modiji to arrive anytime soon. stadium is rocking
do you see corruption in lalit gate, vyapam scam etc.don t bother.modi isn t friendly2 gandhis anyway
modi ji s doctorate in jumlas...so no comparison...we can count up to lahkhs may be stop your chaplucy n save energy
if modi wasnt there they all will be not knowing the need of toilet
why are modi haters turning into india haters?
lalit modi says thank you.
modi says he prays for the recovery of the injured in the blast in bangkok..
yesterday modi ji in uae.!!
today vande nataram in uae..!!!
wat next..????
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal sps
indian pm modi offers uae 1tn investment options
india starts burning when
announce 1million bounty on narendar modi siraj is the future
the trip is wasted if u don t try something new
i liked a video marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai
the curious case of modi baiters landing up in controversies
2 2 pak muslims think dt hav been deported banned 4rm bt has 2 obey their real .
modi never said that, associate editor, the hindu.
live updates pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai.
modi s biggest enemies are his blind followers on sm. sad very sad
they had a problem when modi halted sec level talks, they have problems with talks now. cry babies.
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment prime minister narendra modi today held talks with vice president and p
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are 8 other things he was the first to do as modi becomes the fi
9pm nation at9 modi in uae modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. with modi at side, uae nudges pak. won t tolerate terror religion link .
why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world via
don t be sad,pm modi will pull a rabbit out of his pagdi when he returns frommid east.
haha.. so much in that article. but i must say, vast improvement from how modi uses his mother to gain sympathy .
sheikh heard 6 indians died in loc firing yesterday
modi haha. ya. anyway, where is camera?
warm welcome to in uae is a reflection of indian pride in world
this is what modi govt is loota doh desh ka anaj
oh come on..how can u praise modi...boss soniaji will be v unhappy
modi is not visiting a mosque, he is visiting a mausoleum of d host country
live now narendra modi pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
rt hindustan times strongly condemn blast in . thoughts with families of the deceased. i pray for
say thanks to narendra modi for bring back indian economy on track
9pm nation at9 modi in uae modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. with modi at side, uae nudges pak. won t tolerate terror relig
sealed govt opposition 2 tariq ba odah release is abt inconsistency btw stated goal 2 close amp steps not taken to t
the indian government cannot miss the bigger picture. makein india
i wonder what modi says to convince the other leaders to take a selfie with him.
get close bros,i need likes on my fb ?
pledges 75 bn investment in india. major victory for modi. but the devil lies in details amp there aren t any as of now. my take sooon.
ji appropriated mahatma gandhi in exact same way.
right now, modi in dubai. no mention of .
cultural performances going on ahead of narendra modi s arrival at namo in dubai marhaba namo community reception s
congratulations channel times now for live coverage our pm modi in dubai modi in dubai
its another mini india they unite from across to stand for one namo. sleep over that who can t stand it... namo in dubai
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of
u have passion like namo in ur work style. u can reach on people s heart like him
prime minister modi visited masdar city uae video via
in 10 things you must know
ice breaking meeting will enable discussions on some important issues nsa of pak.
us launches secret bid to stop release of hunger striking detainee tariq ba odah via
yeah it takes 15 months to work on excel sheet . approach for help on . liars all
namo in dubai live now narendra modi pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
so it s confirmed now pakistan has lodged fir against modi in international court.bounty has also been announced
source
modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential abu dhabi dubai, aug 17 ians prime assam times
kashmiris are not modi s people, you are wrong in your approach to begin with.
namo in dubai live now narendra modi pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai
certain journalists do not have intellectual depth to discuss anything substantial about modi in uae. they discuss modi s
ji s. success,bitter pill for indian politicians to swallow. especially for opposition
how can mr modi admit this as it will be seen his weakness
10 years!!! amazing theory...upa1 ws run by? modi ji is doing what upaii cudn t do implement its own programs amp schemes.
who says amartya sen is a good visionary or even an observer? before 2014 elections he used to modi won t be pm!
1500 plus kerela samajam members went from bahrain to dubai to attend this modi show. many gujju bhais too.
some more abuses will be hurled at modi by seculars amp liberals of india.
lol modi be like laughing
via avninder singh
meanwhile narendra modi trolled by pagg ala dexter
click here to see...
bihar election will b modi s waterloo n his man of the match amit shah graveyard.
the pain of ones family members is always in ones heart. u donot need to show it to prove it.all indians r namo family
modi has too many fans world wide modi in dubai
do watch pm narendra modi in dubai cricket stadium live on dd news 8 00 pm modi in dubai modi in uae
9pm nation at9 modi in uae pak s sphere of influence punctured. courting its friends , cornering pak. modi turns tables on pak.
in ...hats off. neighbors envy, owners pride!!!
debating tonight with on nation at9 modi in uae wont tolerate terror religion link . with modi at side uae nudges pak
modi insists on eating veg food in an islamic country. exactly the kind of hindutva fascism ranaji was afraid of!
after modi s return uae will become semi muslim and just a tourist place.
and we thought and arab kings were only friends.
debating tonight with on nation at9 modi in uae wont tolerate terror religion link . with modi at side uae nudges
i strongly condemn the blast in ,my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the injured pm modi
3 3. invested almost all resources in dead investment,i e contruction so wat u think thy so free 2 decide 8 own
namo rocks everywhere..except the secularistan where all the seculars reside.. na mo rocks in dubai
20000 people don t get tickets so they are standing outside and enjoying this evening !! rock star namo !!
that s why they are called
it is disappointing that modi and parrikar are not giving israel type response to every pakistani provocation.
is al maktoum really meeting modi?
9pm nation at9 modi in uae pak s sphere of influence punctured. courting its friends , cornering pak. modi turns tables o
so y mock pm? i nevr thot htred for sum1 is so deep n if modi wer any fascist as als claim they wnt b here writin nonsens oped
rt arpitsizzle india msm good .credit must be given to modi
yes construction all ready going on. near baniyas hindu grave yard. last one amp half year. i also surprised mo
to avoid a tahrir square, modi needs to deliver
marhaba namo 50k indians etongueected 2 attend first of its kind reception 4 namo rocksin dubai
thats modi effect
ib giving warning to modi not to visit foreign countries withou invitation
ghar ki murgi amp janta daal barabar. also innocent people butchered by naxalites are daal barbar for ji
debating tonight with on nation at9 modi in uae modi courts uae, pak gets edgy. pak s sphere of influence punctured
modi in uae if it was in india than presstitutes wud hv declared modi anti muslims as he did not wear a skull cap in mosque
modi ministry live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium
why politicians most of them wear masks and cheat people moment one gets power?at least i did not etongueect modi like this
all nris can have e votes in indian elections. is namo going to announce it in namo rocks in dubai s event?
modi ji is schduled to arrive in an hour or so..
one guy was upset with the way food was presented
as modi becomes the first pm to visit , here are 8 other things he was the first to...
modi seems to have pulled off a diplomatic coup along many dimensions in uae.
what a change from 10 years of diffidence and despondence..
thanks modi ji
i like a discussion modi g speech in duwai on via
next time you people like modi rss vhp make sure they aren t chopping the heads of muslim in home
namo in dubai live from dubai cricket stadium, sports city dubai.
for more.. click amp like nammatv channel
it was anti incumbency and acchedin leher.but now situation has changed.namo is deflatted1
assalam alikum you re decision is wrong you tolled to narendra modi your government will provide land for tample you thik that is
improve the quality of our infrastructure
saudi arabia is biggest financier of based terrorist organisation. will ask saudi arabia to stop terror financing.
u really have no idea how much muslims hate modi.
ha ha,one guy went overboard while commenting on the way the food is served to pm modi by sanjeev kapoor modi in dubai
not a single forign media showing modi s visits.
do they know how useless modi s foreign visits are ?
i don t think aruna roy amp knights of the nac roundtable would be unhappy. a lot of their screwed up vision is being ena
going to watch namo live from uae
mr.g ur loyalty may b other than modi but think 1ce if world know the power of india bcz of modi. why we care corrupt congis
interesting read. modi in dubai
modi will always be first pm to visit any
country!
previous govts used to send foreign
minister on such job amp tours.
modiinuae
what a change from 10 years of diffidence
modi ji is should be best awarded with self promotion amp selfies jumla babu
its wonderful to watch indian tradition in uae! thank u modi and and indian in uae
today modi will be kicking of next kerala assembly election rally from dubai, last cong bastion will be conquered
congress flays modi on pakistani shelling in border areas
congress really wants modi ji 2 stop talks sonia can call to talk
bbc news why india s bihar is taking dna samples to spite modi
cool! spotted another na mo fan ... modi in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
they are timid inside but show brave outside,fattu modi,
modi and the muslim world how pm s uae visit breaks the religious stereotype. my column
pleased indian pm narendra modi visited a mosque during his two day trip to the uae.
namo is one man army, no need any cover,
just watching marhaba namo..
i must say our pm inspires something extraordinary amongst the indian diaspora
there are 5 vowels in english language. uae has 3 of them. remaining 2 are in modi. modi in uae
if you re trying to make an implication that modi doesn t care about the people of india then your whole argument is bollocks
crux of modi s uae visit in real estate ..
indian billionaires will buy property easily provided they are ok with chinese neighbors
dear pm, pls let aug15 remain the day of solemn celebrations of freedom. why make every national day an occasion to ce
modi in u.a.e. says india needs 1 trillion in investments
the french are perpetual!
hurts being this close to you
modi in dubai modi in uae kidding bro
violence is evil
true that
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today modi in dubai
4 4 v all heading 2wards judgement day amp will witness strange things 2 happen.recent ,same sexmariges
babus are more powerful than lord modi?? reslly??
jo bhi vikas hua nda govt ne kiya modi claims., when asked what ur govt has done in last 15 months. modi we need more time. dogla modi!!
wow ! modi ji
if faking is an art then modi is picasso of it
if this is true, i am very happy and pleased kudos to mr modi
heard one of the few congressmen left that modi s visit to uae would be considered futile if he can t bring back dawood amp tiger memon
dubai has been modi fied.... modi in uae
after modi becoming pm everything has gone to waters
real reason behind modi s visit to uae pranay sharma aug 15,2015 via
31 communal people can elect bjp and modi in any case. now let muslims decide their destiny
desert coolers to beat the heat, giant screens for those unable to see modis speech in the stadium
reading modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb on business line
these ppl are so badly ...
have digestion problem on modi program in dubai... anchor saying he don t know there is rangarang program in dubai.. what is special
entrepreneurs give thumbs up to pm narendra modi s startup india mission economic times
...
muslims residing in uae hv more faith on modi then residing in india amp that s why dubai stadium has become madison squa
a bird tweet tweeted
modi amit being packed to nagpur anandiben not vacating cm chair.
advani parrikar pm dypm
namo in dubai marhaba namo cultural welcome for in
modi proved he is men of words.
heard one of the few congressmen left that modi s visit to uae would be considered futile if he can t bring back dawood amp tige
dubai is all set for namo
what??!?!!
indian prime minister lalit modi ?? speech errors
pm modi holds talk with prince
okay, so mr has charmed govt in alloting land for a temple in abu dhabi. good job. anything to report on
are u attending dubai meeting of namo
guess what pm modi could be telling the crown prince of abu dhabi?
love him hate him you cant ignore modi giant amongst indian leaders
you don t need bullets to kill, you can do it by pen or keyboard . brilliant piece by
now this statement shows how disconnected netas r from reality...arre modi is famous, evil
modi takes a tour of masdar city in uae in a driverless car
can modi practise the same or this is just a jumla to appease the sheikhs modi in dubai namo in dubai
congress has a template for anything that modi does in this case visiting uae .
it starts of as it is unfortunate.......
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora later today
meaning of patriotism these days join aap gt become aaptard gt promote kejri the thug gt write and shout anti namo
after winning hearts amp diplomatic mileage elsewhere in the world, namo is concentrating on west asia.he s steady amp good at foreign relations
what modi s uae visit means for indian muslims, trade and investment
if modi decides to stop lying and be truthful he will work for hindu muslim unity and start working in his office for
wish modi would someday care to tweet on vyapam massacre! wondering if indian lives don t have
congratulations for new achievement in uae by pm shri narendra modi.....
dear modi ji will you say any thing about j amp k loc victims its 2 days passed no tweet 4 dead??
ncp chief sharad pawar to meet pm modi, fm arun jaitley over farmers loans
honestly waiting for modi modi chant. nothing else.
a touch of the the keralite culture!
vote jkt48id minhazmerchant modi and the muslim world how pm s uae visit breaks the religious stereotype. my column
modi in uae now showing, marhaba namo in dubai. pm modi s uae soft power push. extravaganza to pak in place.
modi in dubai live dubai cricket stadium nearly full
hey.. where are you guys in ara.. modi is coming here plz tell me.. i need you plz
medhavagmi what??!?!!
indian prime minister lalit modi ?? timesnow speech errors
looks like mini kerala is out there...
narendra modi is only man who can release you from saudi jail.so first beg in front of him.
namo in dubai ....waiting for namo
well the truth is, nris needed a modi to feel proud of being an indian. modi in dubai namo in dubai
namo in
indian leaders were saying that no one knows namo outside of gujarat, 2day they must b seeing his friend following outside india.
we thought being a son of a tea vendor with humility, modi would serve the country selflessly but he has cheated us
does present govt have courage to even point their finger on modi pls don t humiliate your self
msg to abhigyan. if he dnt knw why modi in dubai ? dare to stop telecast of rangarang prog on ndtv. hav guts abhigyan ?
give them time. it may be hard but they will come up with something that disrespects diseased amp condemns innocent
just one question mr modi? when will u start killing muslims in dubai?
and modi sarkar wants to make farmers, industrial labour.
stadium filling up. fast for modi in dubai.
excellent and timely article
has done declared new york, sydney as gujarati events amp they add that modi is not popular in south india !!!
why modi himself be a part of digital india ? spending crore crore money on rally....
for the last 15 years, an hour before the pm would actually speak, journos would get access to the speech.now total extempore speech by modi
he just re iterated the failure of promise made by upa in 2009 elections they just manufactured it as modi said it
rockstar
modi in uae now showing, marhaba namo in dubai. pm modi s uae soft power push. extravaganza to put pak in place.
saying is an insult to modi after today s etongueose on ranveer sena, modi should be called murder babu.
no hindus in india will believe the writing of modi
you just need to be an asslicker of modi and bjp, and think of subhash chandra as steve jobs of india.
p in psychology
p in pneumonia
b in subtle
s in debris
h in honest
on
anand rangpara
you must be insane.cant figure out difference between previous govts amp namo govt.give best matches to the receptions of namo
ache din ya no ache din, modi s popularity never seems to go anytime soon modi in dubai
uae companies will invest in indian real estate
and will praise modi s visit ..
they sell apartments all weekend in
live watch narendra modis speech in dubai
poda. it should ve been hummus, kuboos and sharjah shake. if you are in rome, try to live like a roman.
has modi, the emperor really lost his shine?
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved families. bangkok blast namo amitabha buddha.
didn t you know , namo is anti indian amp was voted to power by united spectrum of breaking india forces
not as lucky as you but still got to see namo up close and touch his hand, moment of my life!
narendra modi travels abroad and insults previous government. he only cares about nm
modi modi slogans in the biggest uae mosque video
mr. modi talks about having electricity units at all small villages. what about those where there are the units but no light
modi is pm but he is busy tweeting about being ashamed that no pm visited uae modi shld stop criticism n start work
pm modi or nt is nt an union leader for blue collared workers. blue collared laborers r worse off in india.
whenever i refer to our prime minister, i always say modiji never modi or namo! i must be a
private channels aren t allowed on foreign trips and dd news has access to the kitchen where modi s
or perhaps they want modi govt to go soft on national herald case damadgate probe other cases wherein congis are accused.
will address later today modi in dubai
modi in uae....this will help boost perception of indians in dubai...other nationalities looking down on indians will know our position!!!!
indian amp hav been hit badly by modi s visit.they can t digest as to how muslims abroad can like him
study namo?
pic 1 manmohan singh ji
pic 2 narendra modi ji
both from the ramparts of the historic red fort!
watching marhaba namo. wherever he goes the way indian diaspora celebrates the culture of our land at one place is no less than any festival
with respect to whom lalit modi or sonia or bofors.sorry to mingle u
etongueress front page pm narendra modi calls for start up india, stand up india
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi
independence day speech sartorially subdued modi softens fiery rhetoric
live watch narendra modis speech in dubai...
?
we are ashamed that our has no other job but to do .
the is laughing at .
upa failed big on national security from sides of d border with poor relations
now vast improvement under namo so
na mo4secure india
east or west
our pm namo is best..
who is amartya rakshas? is he same one who did corruption in nalanda university?
rofl! laughing
another great article !!!
my sister lives in uae. she confirmed that the promised allotment never materialised. its only after namo visit acche din
modi government please alive from sleep.
you will be destroyed for becoming villain.
i hate u..
u r a villain.
super villain..
buddha was born in nepal my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved families. bangkok blast namo amitabha buddha.
while is locked in saudi jai, darinder modi has launched gazwa e arab, what will khalifa do now
45 degree temp people waiting for their turn to enter stadium to listen to narendra modi in dubai via
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium top news
a visual treat of indian heritage can be seen in dubai cricket stadium just before s speech .... modiin dubai modiin uae
uae smart city masdar inspires pm modi to say science is life via
this one is for all u ba
people living in abroad welcoming modi are more nationalist and proud to be indian than people living in india in uae
, the vision with whuch modi is going on are very precious.
but the rule of uae are strong
wow this is called politics no one can do anything for this bomb blast but the easiest way to do for this incident is tweet? modi
debating tonight with on nation at9 modi in uae courting its friends , cornering pak. modi pulls the rug from under pak?
i recommend subramanian swamy. smiley
thank you sir.. perfectly analysed..
dna appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi
latest lali modi helping sahara, says us based property broker to sc
india and uae are top priority for each other modi
modiji josh me aake dont offer any financial help to uae, they are already very rich.
darinder modi is converting your four fathers to hinduism, forget gazwa e hind now
nothing real and definite.. modi licking the tip of the iceberg ..
so basically you are turning your fight into political by targeting modi ? is it? if so then its a shame !!
go and progress with mr. narendra modi s government.
i strongly condemn the blast in ,my thoughts are with the families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recove
a lt colonel tweets critical to arvind kejriwal gets about 3k s
soldiers cry shame shame!! on modi s speech ev
blast in bangkok and tweeted right then last 4 days continued firing from pak and not a word regarding that
designer will modi looks amoodi
marhaba namo 50000 indians etongueected to attend first of its kind ... namo namo
shefali vaidya
for 68 years, no one spoke about the lack of toilets in indian schools. modi did, and they called...
gujarat ias officer lined up, waiting for his promotion... appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi.
aigo! first they were transporting plane loads of gujjus to cheer at namo rallies. now they taking mallus too! tongue
namo s diplomatic success owes to the fact tht he talks wth d might of 1.27b behind him whereas upa went to do favors 2 a downtrodden nation
vajpayee ji..a gift 4u from modi ji. he felt ashamed of u in modi in uae visit. it has become his takiakalam now of being ashamed
shitty article i read till date. amp only fp can post this shit....!!
damn now shiv aroor is looking for a new job as khanzada of namo?jobless?are bhaiya tum apne kam se kam rakho!
teri harkatein dekh kar this time even bangkok waley won t welcome you
modi ji shows his support for gay rights in abu dhabi....next destination would be nagpur tongue
joint statement of crown prince of uae mohamed bin zayed ai nahyan and pm narendra modi
india was hit equivalent to tsunami in congress rule, it takes time to recover for such severe shock.
there is a certain mann ki baat of the nation and a whole different view on it of mr. modi
colorful..full of life.
modi he came he conquered..
pappu he came, they conquered..
kejri he came, he conned..
every word resonates with every true indian s feeling. great article sir.
aigo! first they were transporting plane loads of gujjus to cheer at namo rallies. now they taking mallus too! tongue s
debating tonight with on nation at9 modi in uae courting its friends , cornering pak. modi pulls the rug from unde
what problem u hv guys n u r calling our prime minister with name only. stupid he is pm not only modi. so give ur pm a respect
pm narendra modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb economic times moneycontrol.compm nare...
congress flays on shelling in border areas
full house at the cricket stadium. . despite the humidity
. spokesperson compares pratibha patil s visit indirag soniag s cook to dubai with our pm modi visit! they ve gone bonkers
so nice to see this grand mother at the middle, shouting modi modi smiley
latest pm narendra modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb economic times mo... indian news
modi in dubai live huge turnout at cricket stadium as people flock in a large number of uae residents have...
mark collins forgotten good war british military indian army british army
very much worried is a no nonsense leader
gujarat ias officer lined up, waiting for his promotion... appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy t
modi declared in uae, fighting casteism but bjp core base, ranvir sena szama
pm addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium live
. to chant 2 thousant 2 mantra 2002 times to ease the heart burn caused by modi visit to a mosque.
if modi gvt. keeps ppl deprived of their rights, whats wrg advani ji saying it tobe like emergency we stand united for orop i support orop
selfie with habibis narendra modi takes over the front pages of uae newspapers
how pm narendra modi s uae visit offers a new strategic edge to india s middle east policy this trip was not
, thanks for supporting our cause, of orop. modi is not deliverying. now he has proude of pm. god bless u.
instead of writing on bilateral relations, what modi eats is imp for you? shame.
neither he is wearing a skull cap nor he got circumcised. secularism failed.
it re establishes the balance between the modi government s lean israel policy and the arabian gulf states
write to pm modi, ask to resolve the issue immediately
modi bitches about previous govts on international trip just like those neighbour wali aunties critize. maa baap nahi dekhte kya inke.
you can say what you want about the man but he can certainly draw crowds.
modi is troubling aap govt shamelessly in delhi, aap must retaliate in every possible democratic manner
tum jitna modi ke khilaf bologe, tum utna daldal mein girte jaoge. u have been rejected by team india emphatically.
khaleej times team all set for narendra modi s address at dubai cricket stadium today... marhaba na m
he is a great event manager.. he succeeded in hiding all mischief done by his party.
in true sense first time india got a prime minister in the form of narendra modi.
time in indiahistory the tallest building in the world burj khalifa namo visit dubai 16 and 17 august feeling proud
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai at 9.30 pm
excellent and timely article on mr.modi s uae visit
terror strikes bangkok in south asia as asia hero modi welcomed warmly by middle east rulers!
abp news abpnewstv i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i
dubai cricket stadium providing a glimpse of what will look like in mid november? modi in dubai
modi sir is honest . he will deliver on his promises. would you kindly focus on installing cctv and providing wifi?
look into the mirror first what pm modi told congress with his independence day speech
full text of former service letter to pm modi on orop zipped news
can anybody point out the legitimate justification for helping lalit modi in the supposedly must watch speech of minis
breaking news
6 adarsh liberals suicide aft knowing tht modi ji getin a huge response in .
rip
modi was like light at the end of the tunnel amp harbinger of hope.
namo live on news nation
india please watch now.. u can see the ground reality.. muslim who r living in since 25 yr praising namo..
pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates.
first time in indian history a gulf country has allotted a land to construct a hindu temple. it s called namo effect !!! o
modi bitches about previous govts on international trip just like those neighbour wali aunties criticize. maa baap nahi dekhte kya inke.
the hotel guy in new york, a mexican, gave us cookies calling them sweet kachoris ... he kept speaking about modi s ny event modi in dubai
there are 50,000 people at the stadium, tv reports suggest. is live blogging modi s speech modi in dubai
this is what is happening to minorities in india. they have to kiss modi for survival. tweet like adarsh liberal.
indian media can t go beyond priyanka vadra s saree color modi s unprecedented outreach to millions of indian across the world is no news
is saffronising even the arab sheikhs. look at the colour of the drinks.
50,000 assemble to celebrate ind amp cheer pm modi while in delhi pappu so duffer w his chamchas is saving ind frm modi by trending jumla babu
long live indian media.
what next?
how modi should dispose off what he ate? it is worth for a intellectual debate
preparation out the place there modi jee is coming tomorrow.. help me guy s if someone can i wants them meet him
i am in the skills training field. ever heard of pmkvy??? its a namo initiative for creating employable youth for industry.
modi such a shameless person,tht he visit all those countries wch indian pm have never..and then claim to be the fir
modi didn t kill muslims. no one needs to kill people. but people kill themselves for their hatred on each other
just saw on nrws nation one public told narendar singh modi jindabad...modiji now singh also..what a excitement of pm..now singh also
pledges 75 bn investment in india. major victory for modi. but the devil lies in details amp there aren t any as of now
christians call for reforms as prime minister modis offers empty promises
modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament...
believe me omg dare not play with 4 2 long , he is a tough cookie
hindi update pm modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh business standard
super vil
airlines redoing their loyalty programs .. tier stands as blue , silver , gold , platinum and modi smiley
interesting read. modi in dubai s
what do u etongueect from aaptards ??
, nitish ji greatful . u have some thing u understand the pain of life. not modi p m.
wherever sit we can see smoke after seeing popularity of all over the world.
screw dos sickulars..enjoy modi magic.. modi in uae
respected indias p.m. mr.narendra modi,make in india yu yureka plus big issue phone,launch redmi note 2,devlop younger youth.
. at his best. must read n i totally agree with him
tweets startng with though im a modi supporter should be banned. it generally means hey. dnt troll me for my idiotic tweet. im one of u!
another insightful article. all your articles provide great opportunities for learning. thanks!
another credit modi steals frm upa
modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world dailyo
opposing criticizing modi is ok but favouring appreciating bunch of corrupt jokers like lalu, mamta, mulayam are the limit. adarsh liberals
.is emirates so cash starved that modi has become a celebrity for it?
festive season in dubai. namo namo everywhere. great to see modi in dubai
i still believe modi should have his hearts with the fauji bhais ...but he should prove by sanctioning addnl 2000 3000 crores
check this pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has surya ray
parl logjam by pappu amp chamchas was done to take d sheen off pm modi..but d opposite seems to hv happened! strategy backfir
people are gong there at free will and now uae knows namo
of all the nris we see on tv on modi visits, the one in dubai seems to be the dumbest.
for sure couples are gonna use the modi pictures from uae as example shots for their wedding photographers.
mr.modi correctly described it as a religion of peace and humanity
it s not what few dirty terrorist and what fanatic act about.
read it.
marhaba namo. this is a strength of this indian leader, truly this known as modi effect
media taunts modi was chaiwala but never focused on sonia being bardancer who ditched bf 2 marry rajiv 4 money fame
all freedom fighter hinduism insulted by pm modi a selfish,opportunity, appreciation addict of pm modi.if he resign india must devope
i m sure those mocking modi eating gujarati food eat snakes and lizards when they visit china
sir pm modi is busy don t have time
flip some pages back, u ll find even shittier article by the same snob about modi s mother. circa may june 2014.
trust india trust modi na mo rocks in dubai
if you don t trust me then google pmkvy. its my challenge. nobody before namo even attempted something close.
the hotel guy in new york, a mexican, gave us cookies calling them sweet kachoris ... he kept speaking about modi s ny even
public money to bach jaata hai
and someone said narendra modi has no influence outside gujarat namo in dubai modi in dubai
wont b surprise if amp demands pm modi to wear jockey banyaan instead of sum international brand.
aaptards compare this world icon modi with an idiot, who got slapped by rikshaw wallas.
i m pure vegetarian myself. can understand why modi ji does so. stop outrage on food. ffs !
india united arab emirates modi woos key gulf trade partner
aie launches direct flight for sharjah from varanasi on the concluding day of prime minister narendra modi s ...
if true this is very sad modi
most of them love him, some hate them, but no body dare to ignore him, there is something special in him, that s modi effect modi in dubai
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
watch it live here
the prime minister of india narendra modi will be addressing the indian community in sometime.
could not stop for death?? u mean wait for death??
modi ji forget pak 1st just clean up this mess.
dont worry saba modi is equally popular in india . like it or not , having heartburns lady !
pm narendra modi writes his signature on a touch screen in masdar city na mo rocks in dubai
why ur heart is beating for modi? will u say a single word abt hindu ppls livng in pak and baloch
pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast august 17, 2015 at 07 43pm online media
really un believable
watch narendra modi live on the following link adreesing in dubai.
modi is a great person... modi ji uae going waiting for indian.... indian ....i love india
watch live pm modi s independence day address to the nation
to oppose everything modi ji does is new cool.
hatred agst hindus modi has eaten away d brains of adarsh liberals,d morons whine so much on every issue that its sickening!
a lot of nris wishing the same. that s the saddest part
a wonderful picture welcome of pm narindra modi in dubai.
this lovely grandmother was chanting modi modi holding welcome placard. so sweet of her. smiley na mo rocks in dubai
i think modi is nightmare for you politician
you are the bestest...... aaj ki date mein greater than namo
muslim women how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims aren t happy...
for fans, i am not anyone s fan boy aj or dr swamy or even pm modi. my allegience is towards india. thats about it. period.
the general blaming the ndmc for the fiasco at jantar mantar. height of innocence !!!!
rdfc can modi amp co deliver? the world awaits modi s visit to some developed countries such as the us, japan, ...
the cynics summary of modi s too achievements.
now he can do anything.
does any religion ever teaches terrorsm ? surely no
but modi believes otherwise!!
listen
now at dubai stadium marhaba namo overwhelming n cheerful crowd...
sahb will any pakistani pm will get the same reception or better then what the uae govt is giving to modi?
super. everyone in the world like modi. modi is ultimate. no matching to him in the world.
modi sir ....you are great pm
parliament s mansoon session ruined due bjp scams still pm maunendra modi keeps shamless silence. kuchbolopm if u hav sum
ppl like modi unche log, unchi pasand !!
presstitutes and sites like fisrtpost niche log, neechi pasand !!
yes modi tweeted too thank you go india
hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi thanks uae govt, says it s a great step abu dhabi uae in a move that ha...
no need. the secularists would hv made it a big news if he had got circumcised even malinip sent here journo2cover modi s visit
the is laughing at . s
and pakistan is blasting almost everyday.why not tweeting that mr.modi
modi ji please follwo me ..i will get positive energy by following by you
live stream modi in dubai
uae govt s land allotment for a temple is a positive signal and few indians say that modi ji is advocating communalism in
modi lowers the standard of pm postion by using cheap words. shame..
modi finally gives the nod to magsaysay award winner sanjiv chaturvedi s cadre change after a rap from the courts
it is dishonest on reuter part to make that statement. modi s visit is just a matter of fact
if modi gvt. keeps ppl deprived of their rights, whats wrg advani ji saying it tobe like emergency we stand united for oro
but uae isn t member of unsc. afaik one unsc member no can defeat resolution. but yes modi diplomacy is historic.
to the point. ...
it is not fare on modi s part to be successfull in evary fareign visits. he sud give some room for opposition to survive.
you want people to mock modi on food coz i can t stand people mocking modi on crime n corruption.
marhaba namo as dubai readies for indian pms public address
prestitutes are perplexed.
this
pm modi meets vice president amp prime minister of uae, hh mohammed bin ra... via
aaptards and congi pay attention modi baba is busy with work not on massage trip
na mo rocks in dubai
not bad for country hopping by namo ehh? modi in dubai
arun jaitley won t be able to challenge modi unlike tweeple gossip. no mass base. only durbaris, journos amp friends from other parties.
you want people to mock modi on food coz u can t stand people mocking modi on crime n corruption.
yes the atmosphere is electric. people are sweating as if wet in rain. temp is 40 and highly humid. but namo namo everywhere.
live pm to address community members in dubai modi in uae
awaiting for namo namo in dubai
. sir, please mind the date before giving credit to modi modi in uae
paid media using same old paid funda
showing only muslims praising modi in dubai.
cong slams modi for targeting previous govts on foreign soil
tweets startng with though im a modi supporter should be banned. it generally means hey. dnt troll me for my idiotic t
its a prideful amp historical event for each indians on the grand welcome in uae gov amp marhaba namo program we indians r thankful to uae gov
modi in dubai tricolour flying high in uae marhaba namo
sources say next, will write on whether modi should colour his hair with lo real or godrej haird colour.
oh boy the guy next to modi just looks like chandra babu naidu
amp you are saying that only when modi brainwashed you?? did u even utter this before modi ? no na ?? hmmm laughing laughing
here is another example though political one .its up to u what kind of columnist get chance in nl
ek saal se sun rahe hai.. failure should accept by bhakts.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister...
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments
isbpl pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai where p...
foundation pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments
an autowalla, standing on the wrong side of road, is not giving space to my cab, but modi ji is busy visiting uae.
now he can do anything for his foregin trips.. modi in dubai
some people can t digest modi s progressiveness .thats y trending .burnol moment
bcoz,there isn t any oil wall in delhi.
imagine dubai is seeing a massive traffic jam due to 70000 people rushing to hear the indian pm modi speak at his public rece
modi naidu meeting fixed on august 20 prime minister narendra modi has responded positively to the sos sent b...
wt modi can do is make false promises,b silent whn questioned, talk too much whn the is no need befool ind public amp do world
the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister narendra modi will address a 50,000 strong indian diaspora t...
hahhaa...its true modi in dubai
indian pm modi offers uae 1tn investment options speaking at abu dhabi s
thanks uae for first hindu temple.
sights and sounds of saffron in dubai.
new delhi, aug. 17 ani the congress on...
going against vadra will be perceived as a personal attack on gandhi family. so i think modi will be avoiding it.
bhaktas will still defend modi gvt. on and call it nationalism, its indeed a shame on the goverment amp such people i support orop
she needs burnol.
rofl
yup ..indeed ..i thought u r tlking abt modi
pm modi in uae uae supports india s bid for permanent unsc seat
dedicated to street goon from a common man
pm modi insults nation whenever he goes abroad, says ctags
3 hrs before modi gives his big speech..like whaaat modi in dubai
lies of pm namo. this looks like gurgaon.
nisha nats pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stad
modi in dub
zabardast ! hope there is no miandad in the stadium !!
let s have namo speeches instead of t20 matches then! will pour into india as modi tours gulf countries to etongueand ties!
what is modi?
from tea stall to dubai .
jai ho modi ji.
true inspiration for millions.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister
love him hate him cant ignore modi
our pm is truely a rock star..
stadium packed with
dubai completely modi in dubai
lies of pm namo. this looks like gurgaon
bring down the arrogance of modi sarkar and screw the shit out of delhi police......indian army needs to ensure the honour of veterans
modi visits china pk atbb.
srk visits all over the world hny struggled to gross even half of pk.
log
who is he?
all the best modi g for your project....
is praised everywhere in abroad and became of india but in india dirty politicians has only one motto to oppose modi
uae govt have no shame for such an act,they know v well gujrat amp behavr with pak,even then they allow this butcher
indian amp hav been hit badly by modi s visit.they can t digest as to how musli
cultural show at dubai cricket stadium ahead of narendra modi s arrival modi rocks in dubai
surya ray pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments
this is only effect of modi ji, no other government had make it possible to get land for temple in uae,
no, bhakt usually sent anti modi to pakistan. so just asked.
i endorse sh. narendra modi , pm,s thankfulness to the govt of uae for alloting land for hindu temple
epic!!
there was a time when dubai was secular. modi amp his communal politics ......
though i m a modi supporter, i don t agree with you.
school children jealous of modi this uncle always on chutti amp travelling outside.
wow!columnists like writing about namo s food preferences amp editors like discussing it in detail
joint statement of crown prince of uae mohamed bin zayed ai nahyan and prime minister narendra modi august 18, 2015 at 01smiley1am
it s really the only way to be when it comes to banking...
prime minister of india shri narendra modi visited the ..
spot on. nation first. everything else comes second.
modi knows how to attack opposition well. he speaks of other political party poisoning people where as he speaks bad of others more.
you can hate me you can love me but you cannot ignore me. modi magic
last line he will deliver
really pity modi used indian closet in the land of so many closets
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime
cong is bitter n in denial aftr its bad brk up wit indians in india n abroad!!accpt it..stop cribbing n mov on! y ds obsessn wit modi!
where r our prestitutes? not a word from the anti modi group viz. burqua moron arnab rowdy rajdeeep black sheep rahul. bhaion modiji in uae
dear apply burnol.. u will b ok soon .. modi in uae modi in dubai
yes no body can stop india from electing modi again so why just target muslims for voting and
evn congres has so much of etongueectation on .dey wnt him 2 do sm thing in a yr which they cud nt in 30yrs
solid ullu banaya baaki logo ko. a difference of just 2 dishes
though im a modi supporter, i agree with you..
sushma swaraj s lok sabha speech in reply to allegations over lalitmodi
they are chanting modi modi heartburn for indian fske seculars and
bhaktas will still defend modi gvt. on and call it nationalism, its indeed a shame on the goverment amp such people
pm narendra modis independence day full speech2015
pm modi at 69th independence day celebrations at red fort,delhi
well known what amp the he belongs to stands for yet this overwhelming warmth shown by our salafi princes comes as no surprise.
pm narendra modis independence day speech august 15,2015
dubai cricket stadium has hosted so far 17 odis amp 1 modi. packed to listen modi in dubai
dtn kerala modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law board a...
the hindu modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim... india news
the reception of in uae reminds me of a paki cabbie in dubai who had said yeh modi bada jabardast aadmi hai namo in dubai
this one was epic! grand welcome to modi! na mo rocks in dubai
watch live here gt pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium via
then pls check the previous tweets of modi and jaitley about weak rupee.
indians in the uae are saying that in abu dhabi is extraordinary outcome of modi s diplomacy
land allocated for 1st hindu temple in abu dhabi following pm modi s 2 day trip to uae to boost trade amp security ties.
he plundered the nalanda university.. he is a modi hater
modi ministry pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments
ndtv have invited sanjaynirupam for spiting venom against pm and abhigyan pronouncing modi s name with
modi didn t visit for vote bank as other political party leaders do in india.modi went as visiting dignitary
one is a gossip writer and another one is just a photo journalist.lets not etongueect things above their intellect
indeed a marvel on the earth
good thing hamid gul died before this happened. he must be spinning in his grave
modi amp foreign policy into second innings, investors demand delivery
no doubt 125 crores of indians are source of power but unfortunately the power is not utilized nor there is clear pl
only modi ji can pull this off....such is the frenzy for him. superb
modi in dubai sirf modi ji have the guts to do this.. dhanya ho bharath maata ...
rahul gandhi got to know about modi ji s strength...
125 crore indians not a market, but a source of power excellent message by modi.
how pm narendra modi s uae visit offers a new strategic edge to india s middle east policy the economic times
offstumped dubai is all set for namo
all corrupt politicians win so..u we cnt cndemn also..evrybdy shuld chnt modi .. m odi..u r saying tht.
the reception of in uae reminds me of a paki cabbie in dubai who had said yeh modi bada jabardast aadmi hai
haha! brilliant!
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime minister narendra ...
rofl...
modi is just bluffing the nation. pm modis independence day speech exhibits a disturbing distance from reality
dubai cricket staduim where pm modi will address tonight. around 70k people have registered for event. modi in dubai
sushma swaraj fed up with tours of pm modi amp see her requesting
where were you when god was distributing brain?
the truth behind modi and the temple in abu dhabi jumla babu
79 people approve of modi s job as a pm poll
congrats saina nehwal for winning silver at world badminton !!
first major reform by modi govt.
how life in india has changed under modi, and why some muslims aren t hap... indian muslims
modi s mosque visit attracts mixed response from muslims he said that if... indian muslims
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india mus... indian muslims
pm narendra modis independence day speech august 152015
modi s uae visit pm to address indian diaspora today
now firstpost will decide what pm will eat and what color underwear mr. modi wear.
painting gifted by akbar sahem in uae depicting namo and his mother
wow...wat a grand reception modiji is getting...thanku uae..jai ho...merhaba modi..namo namo....the only one who really deservs.
oilseed output at five year low poses challenge for pm narendra modi ...
seeing india s p.m narendra modi people out there are going crazy
madam, your address please. i d like to send you a crate of burnol and a flower bouquet. thought you might need it after modi s dubai show.
today also few nri are mps non responsible indians !!!
the all india muslim personal law board aimplb on monday said prime minis..
pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast.
sorry for slap wink lol
through i am a modi supporter i don t agree with this point
arun shourie s critique is simple modi does not need a palaniappan jaitley as fm via
i like modi
the only cric stadium that will be remembered for namo s innings modi in uae modi in dubai
finally modi visited one south indian state after becoming pm modi in uae
truely yours
oho acha
pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates. via r worldnews
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora today namo rocks in dubai
dubai, where pakistani premiers go hiding, n modi is doing the biggest ever non sporting public gathering rock show !
nris will be voting in 2019, yeah laughing
bomb blast happened because modi didn t wear sickular topi!
if you are attending the speech to be delivered by india s prime minister narendra modi in dubai international cricket stadi
congress has been so rendered jobless by namo this is what they do to pass their time namo in dubai
n sum of our bro stil cald these arabs frends,actualy arabs know v wel wats cuming 4 them,g r israel,too late 4 thm
rofl.. now liberals claim that the grand mosque in abu dhabi is not a mosque, it s a tourist attraction . modi is yet t
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas
good symptoms smiley
modi uae selfie, prime minister narendra modi continued his selfie diplomacy as he visited the sheikh zayed grand,
truth revealed by julian assange, founder.
namo is the true leader. modi in uae via
is 1 of d best orator in politics
uae is home to 2.6 m indian workrs modi in dubai convey tht safety,security and welfare conditions fr indian worker shd
now that too is modi s fault.
modi in central asia islam is the embodiment of knowledge, piety, compassion, welfare, love and devotion.
modi visited a mosque
uae allotted land for temple
what a terrible weekend for adarsh liberals tongue
did rajdeep sardesai got to dubai? here s another chance for him to get the taste of his own medicine. modi in dubai modi magic
,modi be wishing u were not here, not becos ur religion but cos ur sustained venom.
though im a modi supporter i agree with yousmiley
yet again
after 34 years a head of india in uae. waiting to hear mr modi.
modi visits 25 countries in 15 months prime minister narendra modi has visited 25 countries i...
simply super a true leader n patriot making india image sky high pappu shd learn fm namo some basic
how long we hide these cease fire violations from modi? let him know the truth,act against
so modi have picture with now modi is criminal right indian media that s why you stnd on 139 plc in wrld n bjp 3!!!
beware of !! he will come up with a diff definition for this picture.
500 agreed! make the hrd minister!
excitement builds up at dubai cricket
stadium where pm modi will address
indian diaspora later today
should have taken along with him to for his proper education
someone told me modi ji is in uae to bring back dawood.
totally amazing na mo rocks in dubai
read dthread.they are the same people who still believe modi is a regional leader with no influence outside gujarat.
i have been urging modi to include in governance even since it was evident dat nda will come into power s
hehe..always on the spot
madame ji india mein bharpoor support hai.. nri s also welcome.
i had never thought india would elect modi. so all my secular etongueectation have been shattered
indian pm modi on begging spree to muslims amp went abu dhabi the hindu
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi tens of thousands of indian etongueatriates flooded into du...
modi in uae crowds gather ahead of indian pms dubai speech indian prime minister, narendra modi, is etongueecte...
live watch narendra modis speech in dubai watch indian prime minister, narendra modi s, speech live in dub...
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium live
pm modi s address at investors meet at city in abu dhabi
ask actor who played bahubali for help.... modi takes him seriously unlike you guys...
mr modi, i am ready to bear a cess if money is problem for implementing .pls tell the nation clearly. can t see our soliders like this
thoughts on dr. kalam, written by me in gujarati.
quite the event for modi
a part of media and sm are trying to divert attention from modi visit spreading rumors on issues, let confirmation come. do not jump gun.
too quick assessment of the situation.wait for modi s visit to israel.palestinian issue is the jugular for gcc and mena.
as someone pointed out u needed an election to select modi against this dumb guy
congress does signature campaign after indira gandhi cancelled orop in 1973.
more than 850 violations from the side since the government took office.
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi the enforcement directorate ed is of th...
pm modi in uae uae supports india s bid for permanent unsc seat foreign secretary s jaishankar on monday iss...
indian billionaires will buy property easily provided they are ok with chinese n
india is honored to have a prime minister like mr modi ! he will fulfil all his promises in the due course!we have faith in him!
we proud as a indian cos namo guide us na mo rocks in dubai
i liked a video from narendra modi in uae
modis popularity is hurting some ppl. there is no medicine for jealousy amp bias. u r ignored.
only channel who is showing live..
always searching for a point to malign mr modi. when whole the nation is watching modi in uae, you are chest beating as usual.. sic
modi haters getting pettier and punier each passing day. stuck in the same tired, old, myopic arguments that held us back for decades.
terrorist state pakistan sphere of influence punctured by success of modiin uae
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi daily news amp analysis
my tl is suddenly abuzz with singing praises of arabs after modi decides to visit them...
i have long stopped watching bbc or reading any of their bigots online. let bbc know india is safe with narendra modi.
world best no 1 strong pm shri narendra modi
ndtv such a big liar.. only showing tweets against modi statements about inherited lethargy fool media
there is no modi wave.
two completely opposing policy prescriptions of india s policy vis a vis afghanistan
modi ji, this is dna of bihar,but you don t know about it.
modis selfie obsession continues at sheikh zayed grand mosque
what a terrible weekend for adarsh liberals
a big slap , who said modi is only famous among hindus amp no one knows him beyond gujarat. na mo rocks in dubai
mim afzal see tv how much ppl love modi see the grand welcome in uae.
narendra modi orop ex service chiefs write to pm narendra modi, ask to resolve the issue immediatel...
narendra modi pm s uae visit narendra modi again attacks previous governments, congress slams him ...
modi must change to win
modi what a bastard,fuck muslims in his endia amp lick their balls when meets them in middle east
takes a selfie at the sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi, uae.
pic via the hindu
dubai stadium 1 hr 30 mins before degrees.
madam, he has many of them, 340 of them, hope you don t forget bjp has 282 mp s.
aap has 4
day2 highlights of modis visit to abu dhabi!
watch news nation live for dubai mein modi ka dam
look what modi write on visitor s book while visiting sheikh zaid masjid
story big debate to critisise modi n his govt has become a fashion to politicians n journalist. i think both are cherishing
q. does any religion ever teaches terrorism ?
ans. surely no
listen..him
those who doubt the fealty of a particular community.. shud actually watch marhaba namo
ndtv have invited sanjaynirupam for spiting venom against pm and abhigyan pronouncing modi s
come on saba, im sure you re wishing that raga wud get such a reception in amethi atleast.. no??
some more abuses will be hurled at modi by seculars amp liberals of india. more heartburns, more insomnia!
mr modi, i am ready to bear a cess if money is problem for implementing .pls tell the nation clearly. can t see our sol
august 17, 2015 at 04smiley9pm pm narendra modi visits united arab emirates. via
he then went to siachen and lied to those serving soldiers who operate under the worst conditions in the world
what a royal punch by words .this is women empowerment by modi govt .dont put false allegations now pappu so duffer
can t wait for modi speech..!! modi in dubai
veg only guaranteed boredom
ask mr singhvi about congress mp petitioning obama to deny visa to modi...what was that?
and i don t support modi, i only support india means i ll likely swing for liberal following someday but i m better than u
have u ever seen nihal chnad? pls tell delhi police hc is loking for him bloody shameless bjp scnd home modi pic wid lalit?
time for modi to decide if he has to avoid foreign tours to save honour of motherland
it s not odi but its much more than that
marhaba namo modi !
like any other event of modi one whole section of skull caps made to sit at one place. be subtle bro, why so obivious!? namo in dubai
corollary modi should take the blame for scams.
an anti version too. libs commonly say. though i m not a modi fan while conceding a point. it means don t unfollow me als .
its media who siad once modi come to power, pal will be fearful, see what happens? no courage to control !
and you have been demanding modi to be so for more than a decade now. hypocrite !!
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi the enforcement
pm modi in uae uae supports india s bid for permanent unsc seat pm modi has thanked uae for
in an interview when modi goes....kitne aadmi the ?? sir, lost my count jai hind
modi from india greets abu dhabi s masdar city, a new generation green start ups in the uae.
indian pm modi has started begging from muslim countries. the hindu
but i guess tht was frm an individual. .just see if govt has given lnd..or same land modi taking credit
modi against outside interference in middle east google alerts
great discovery .ask me modi to submit all documentary evidence agst congress to sit ed.
and stop being such a bore! friends can hv a perfectly light hearted banter on sm without it being a comment on modi
i can see people are trying to trend a certain anti modi hashtag with same rhetorical tweets.
as per your observation, what is the etongueectation indian diaspora from namo
guess who else was spotted in the stadium at the na mo event today
vote for modi .this is impotand
have u ever seen nihal chnad? pls tell delhi police hc is loking for him bloody shameless bjp scnd home m
kudos to people like you who value the services the soldiers do for this country under trying conditions.
rofl u shld tweet to modi ji directly
and i don t support modi, i only support india means i ll likely swing for liberal following someday
pm narendra modi takes a selfie at sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi.
watch live broadcast streaming from our it park times.
indian prime minister narendra modi is scheduled at dubai
slow, steady, and sensible modis new approach to reviving indias banks quartz
men are from mars amp women are from venus.
modi ji from between them.
army insulted
an anti version too. libs commonly say. though i m not a modi fan while conceding a point. it means don t u
frustration. modi is not mms.
do all the permanent members do?
advisers like you made advani a .don t try to advise modi abt visiting mosques.he s too smart! u better give up!
lovely one.... too good.
there soul purpose to drag india into hindu state by pressing modi you promoting that idea plz
hi aditya sinha autumnshade, do u want to get free iph0ne 6 today? please check my bi0. thx
modi spent more than 20 lakh crore budget as gujarat cm and work done is less than 2 lakh crore.
more than 50 thousands people gathered at dubai cricket stadium to listen namo marhaba namo
congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas
cong is bitter aftr its bad brk up wit indians in india n abroad!!accpt it..stop cribbg n mov on! y ds obsessn wit modi! modi in dubai
keep abusing modi like this one day ...all il kick u....shame on u
very exciting atmosphere before namo speech in dxb
what stopped govt in implementing it. why did indira scrap will answer
anybody keeping a close eye on namo work would tell his biggest skill is implementation skill.
itne sare words me i hate modi !
laptop mila aur aib suru
live telecast marhaba namo forward together na mo rocks in dubai
it s icc world cup.. it s fifa world cup.. no, it s namo in dubai!! modi in uae
mexican wave in the stadium for a prime ministers speech. marhaba na mo namo is a sport, a festival, a way of life.
two thing define
1. master
2. of and specially
modi visited only strategically important countries ..neighbours n strong business partners..both r key for strong economy.
...wondering how modi s visit will have impact on kerla politics ?
this is a pattern...every time modi addresses a nri audience, nri bashing starts.
i am there but couldn t get tickets. modi more popular than srk in dubai.
18th will be a modi.
modi magic sweeps dubai..what an atmosphere almost seems diwali and holi is celebrated with eid. vibrant, magnificent marhaba namo
why food for oil is not worked with uae to develop kisan s economy in particular amp all in general? why dawood amp modi visiting masque alone?
mr modi kindly see home conditions before you look at others.such things are so common on our border.have you noticed them?
so nice to see this grand mother at the middle, shouting modi modi smiley marhaba namo modi in dubai
the stature of indians and nris has gone skyracketing
all people owve to modi,because of modi reputation amp respect.
this was the biggest test
.. u went to see namo?
modi was larger than vijayakanth. no modi in tn polls. 2014 results nothing without 200rs factor.
it s politics. will definitely score political points if is scoring one siddharth varadarajan to
can understand feeling towards jetli types....history
demanding temple agenda by mr modi the first leader from india go to uae but muslim leaders not asking about babri masjid killing gujarat
and modi wastes money on foreign holidays .
modi becoming like a cheer leader ha ha , ask him to wear bikini also.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister narendra modi wil
10 things should see in the before he leaves and why!!
. surely namo is not in dubai on ur calling...as a media spokie what are you doing just advising...u rot rasa
kind of shamelessness and small mindedness
chants of namo and modi all over
hahaha.. kindly recall that modi actually won ls 2014 with indian mp s. hasn t sunk in yet, yeah?
modi show in dubai looks like a concert. gr8 to see so many people turning up modi in dubai
lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit modi and a red corner notice may,
nice read sir educate, don t appease , amp why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world
only modi modi modi modi at sheikh zayed grand mosque, uae.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments india news ndtv achedinaanewale
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas india news ndtv achedinaanewale
your comment please
pm modi in uae uae supports india s bid for permanent unsc seat dna all the news
though am a modi supporter i feel you are being fascist
i am thinking last year anti modi people use to say that in all his rally , modi use to carry...
he thinks modi who pocketed more than 90 of gujarat s budget in 12 years can being investment for india. haha
uae wouldn t have given a tiny rats ass if owaisi had visited, but when a hindu nationalist modi visits he is greeted by marhaba namo
too much of hatred. point of views can be debated, but not hatred. how can a chaiwalah become pm !
modi in dubai it s new trend where opposition tries to target and does the vice versa siddharth varadarajan to
what a stupid ...modi
great. modi in dubai is so grand. thanks for visual record.
what an irony? modi can make sheikhs do pooja but can t handle his people at home ... lol
the whole world is in love with modi n what he represents development.it is only the commies, liberals n congis whore spkng ill of him.
anti namo tweets just 4 opposition are not going to work. u need more substance 2 hit him.
don t hit him but attack others
modi in dubai it s new trend where opposition tries to target and does the vice versa siddharth varadarajan t
people are biased..for ,crowd in is chanting .modi..if goes there,they will chant pappu too,no big deal
ha, ha dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
and namo opponents wishing journalists amp tv panelists become mps. only route to capture power.
nri pmsmiley
modi is loosing the plot every day
though i am a modi supporter,i pulls out her dp gun,boom think gujarati food is too sweet for my liking. dies
the enforcement directorate ed is of the vi
foreign secretary s jaishankar on monday issued
it is d proof that 60 muslims voted 4 namo in 2014.they have understood their future is safe with namo govt.
another etongueosed
ji ji completely messing up big time modi s image ..he is only good for press conference and debates..
government is too or too . ?? i can t judge
uae sheikh has decided to allot land for building a hindu temple i thought it s a biggest achievement of indian diplomacy
uae to support india s unsc bid
this is from 2010, but bhaktas will give credit to modi
what a festive sight to behold!!!! modi in dubai
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation abu dhabi, aug 17 ians in a move signalli...
just too royal for modi to get.
27 hindu died in bangkok blast where is modi?
honourable pm modi sir s message on visitors book of sheikh zayed mosque smiley
but nothing can beat this gem from . shows how much heartburn als had had after bjp victory in ls polls.
problem with aap supporters is that they are busy in telling what modi is not doing rather telling what kejriwal...
people are biased..for ,crowd in is chanting .modi..if goes there,they will chant pappu
few ppl that r fed or feared or mad may buy tv versions of modi.do u support swaraj in her lalit scam?
watch news nation..live coverage of namo effect
then modi ji rallies me dusre city se bus truck train me logo ko bhar k late hai
now speechless, after watching crowd at dubai stadium
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi. modi in uae
is taking credit for all foreign policy initiatives of modi. what a moron!
its my country s pride
while one can build a mosque in bharat, it took namo s prowess to obtain this concession in uae !
marhaba namo makes indians proud. only honest and patriotic indians.
it feels good to see the honorable prime minister of india, shri narendra modi taking great interest in the...
modi is not on personal picnic. he does more work even on sundays when you guys doze off.
live blogging modi second time in 2 days. karma?
how to tweet such gibberish then?
will uae support india for permanent seat in un big challenge for modi ji.
3novicestonguem modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime mini
3novices congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime minister naren
lalit modi connection emerges in sahara hotel deals business standard
we vote for bjp not for u selfish pm modi
sushma swaraj statement in parliament on lalit modi issue news2015
pity them
though im a modi supporter i love shashi tharoor
was modi invited ? didn t dare to invite. why find fault with modi?
and this would definitely interest you...
u did not went for modi speech in the ground?
it is big. for once he s visiting amp not laying them waste!
and this is why received outstanding welcome beyond all the protocol vivek katju to in focus tonight
never ever saw before, such a sensational , marhaba namo watch live to
there are so many mallus in uae. if modi says mohanlal gandhi, they will still cheer him for mohanlal.
pm narendra modi going to address crowd shortly
why i support and why we should namo in dubai
rajdeep would agree. nris are as prone to gundagardi, as our mps.
seat mil gayi, par class nahi ayi.
. infact an entire village was evacuated n sent to uae to chant modi. poor villagers
etp pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh pm modi is likely to inaugurate t...
people are betting in dubai on the number of times modi will say mitro during his speech.
respected sir, what next...why modi breathing in oxygen when there r other gases also present in atmosphere..?..
does his magic again in uae.
india uae relations improved by mr. modi modi in dubai
if modi goes to maszid bastard traitors msm cries if dont goes they cries so they want modi shud be blamed by every thing
does that box contain dawood, modi sir?
not an appropriate moment but options restaurant at wtc should be avoided
... amp india s gdp grew by 2 due to this propaganda.
why bjp protecting sonia rahul
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae in 34 years, here are 8 things he did first via
modi rchd out2blue collar workers in gulf.their so called saviors like muslim league, cpm, congies etc all r afraid smiley modi rocks in dubai
why is modi so ignorant and cannot foresee what we see why are you so deliberate?
friends watch it live on !
namo in dubai modi in dubai modi magic
why just tweets... i say ban all modi supporters..
proves modi s hypocrisy. remains tuned to foreign disasters, to gain publicity szama
whole world is appreciating modi, congress is still crying, rahul missing since 15 th aug. after every 3 days need milk with complan
instead of mitron modi should begin his speech with chetta
ps. following pm modi amp uae trip
i will only attend a pm speech when i am the pm laughing
and this is why received outstanding welcome beyond all the protocol vivek katju to in focus tonig
deshbakts hv turned the term into a mockery by blasphemy for the 1st time since independence manhandling veterans
don t underestimate. there are more communal people than we etongueect. modi can come back again
this grandmom young enthusiast is electrifying.let all indians unite under namo amp work for our destiny of peace amp vikas
is this normal for uae?
in the stadium and euphoria, that is reverberated with namo s vibration is something else. only to feel it live, from dubai
in uae marhawa modi, the brightest political star eclipsing the communal polish of pakistan.a great moment.
army is god until they question bhagwan modi.
please keep a list of the countries mr modi should not miss ,after all that s his most important agenda.duniya ke saar karloon.
ghazi modi has already taken from ford foundation.
but going out for bigger parties than jindals
those trending must be having julab with the response modi getting in uae modi in dubai
whatever said is factual on s visit after 34 yr. it should not be criticised katju to on modi in dubai
indeed the tune modi modi imbibes confidence in supporters of modi nd nationalists and rattles opponents
shri amp shri inaugurated bjym workshop panch kranti 5 aug 2015
most certain she doesn t have the ability to win and represent my ward in bbmp election.
ndtv congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas
burnol price,manufacturers share prices rocket up....modi govt decided to give subsidy on burnol...
modi ji has already asked us to give up gas subsidy. come , he ll definitely ask us to give up our pension, for mps pay inc
list of u turns taken by modi sarkaar till date.
scathing indictment of gulf, that it takes all of namo s prowess to obtain mandir sanction in uae.
pm modi s special package for bihar on august 18 dharmendra pradhan prime minister
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime
only thing that can stop modi is strategic alliances. let bargain on behalf of muslims
via congress flays modi on pakistani shelling in border areas new delhi the congress on monday sai...
the best feeling in the world tweet something anti modi , now sit back and laugh at bhaj farts burning to ashes for it.
demanding temple agenda mr modi the first leader frm india go to uae but musllm lder not asking abt babri masjid gujarat
apt on what is doing n why he should by
our modi is nothing short of a rockstar either! laughing
we love you modi ji
modi is the best in the world
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb deccan herald all the news
and my sister is eagerly waiting at the dubai cricket stadium to hear from india s superstar pm modi
why opposition is targeting on right fact, asks vivek katju to in focus tonight modi in dubai
pm modi s special package for bihar on august 18 dharmendra pradhan ...
at some point in time, dawood ibrahim used to fix right here. now is fixing. for the good. modi in dubai
marhaba modi...the slogan in dubai among 50thausand indians.i think 4 the day when ppl s etongueectations would b...
uae supports india since 2010 jumla babu
love to watch monkey circus at pm
ready with my pop corn
modi is the biggest showman india has ever had.
that too will happen!!
madison moment for pm narendra modi in dubai people chant marhaba modi.
in islam respect
if one wears shades they could not see the reality,only darkness... normally congi men wear it 24 7 esp 4 modi
modi ji, for aap, cong, sp, tmc, bsp, amim, cpim only last ray of hopp is muslim vote bank. please do not steel it from us like a coward.
a real fail attempt as joke is lame. modi led bjp to a majority win in lok sabha. so live with it. modi in dubai
retweeted gen hameed gul
so it s confirmed now pakistan has lodged fir against modi in...
kalaripayattu starts with suryanamaskar !!! yoga in uae whoa ... only namo can do it. watch it live on narendramodi.in
times change and so do nations.
pm offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to abu dhabi gives land for temple
aur koi demand ho to wo bhi bata do modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb
should get inspired towards burj khalifa and will get a similar in india. modi in dubai
pm modi make our democraic country as cremation ground
pm modi has stood as a pride for country. under his leadership india has gained respect all over the world
wait for calls to ban modi, modi screams at public events attended by namo.
for 34 years, no indian pm thought about visiting a country that is home to more than 2 million indians. modi...
truth is that she wishes raga was pm amp modi was still the cm of gujarat who msm could milk for 2002
6. don t clean up n look ugly n filthy
whatever said is factual on s visit after 34 yr. it should not be criticised katju to on
modi never fails to show his swag tho.
phew she s going bonkers
and so much dislike for nris
mohtarrma ko us visa deny hogaya lagta
but, what is modi outside gujarat!
the huge crowd that gathered to listen modi ji in dubai showed the popularity of pm. slap on the face of those leaders who gather paid crowd
the trust on namo na mo rocks in dubai
burns. burn more u cunt!
congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas ...
why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim worlddailyomodi is acutely aware that every word he utters about rel...
crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later today modi in dubai
live watching namo in dubai
as sharp as ever.. as blunt as ever.. another must read..!!
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments ndtv all the news
modi kicks off uae visit with mosque tour in conciliatory gesture to muslims
miss razdaan disscussing her highly controversial leader s marhaba namo show !!
change is the only constant thing
modi rocks in dubai
modi visit only originals....
uae india modi visits uae, indian workers situation a major concern the indian premiers two day visi...
no muslim in dubai offered topi to modi, indian muslims needs to understand reality.
lulz!!!! the pain of ants in pants and bottom on fire
namo had appointed you against him.
pmo s next big plan is to enable the differently abled
its s legitimate question, beside modi wasting his time, in uae. they will always be with pak
bjp is not doing well in bihar?
wait.. modi has got his best weapon in store owaisi brothers.
pm modi disappoints supporters with low key speech via
if sushmaji wanted to be kind amp charitable to mr lalit modi why do it in secret,why hide,why not tell your ministry,why not
what do u abuse modi ...c u uneducated mr prakash dare to give reason
amp also they blabber modi did this modi did that. but when it comes to bashing they say modi ji bla bla bla.
everyone agrees india is among world s fastest growing economy narendra modi
namo means our prime minister
burnol price,manufacturers share prices rocket up....modi govt decided to give subsidy on burnol... htt
dear modi, do something for village people, we are etongueecting something from you,develop on villages.
feku modi kuck krna hai ni ..sirf talking he just getting on on on on on and on on on .some 1 needs to shut him up
the indian community in dubai says marhaba welcome namo with a grand welcome modi in uae
pm narendra modi wrote and sign science is life on touch screen at masdar city modi in uae
modi ji, for aap, cong, sp, tmc, bsp, amim, cpim only last ray of hopp is muslim vote bank. please do not steel it from us
sorry nris you are being hated as of now by indian intellectuals also known as libtards..maybe post modi visit they will calm down.
where have you been, my missing puzzle piece, my life, my sheikh shake shake your bon bon, shake your bon bon ooh
all about masdar, the solar powered planned city visited by pm modi in uae
sweeps civic polls in mp so much for amp congress stalling parliament over it. guess vo
caption this modi in dubai
that is their limit of thinking..modi kurta, pajama, khana....thats the limit of indian journalism beyond that empty.
article from
sundar pichai will meet pm narendra modi..
prime minister of india narendra...
marhaba namo first of its kind by modi
is their right and does the modi govt. wants to send a mgs to the country that ex army men will be kept deprived frm it i support orop
50,000 indians to hear modi at marhaba namo event in dubai all roads in dubai would be leading to the dubai
paki s are scared one day namo will make the saudi king do garba namo in dubai
is congress supplying money to pakistan to fire against india to blame modi
eight initiatives under digital india eight initiatives taken by modi government under digital india programme ...
pm narendra modi condemns bangkok bomb blast outside hindu temple has been published on
new delhi prime...
we love u modi ji from muslims
it s electrifying inside the venue. continues modi modi modi chants...no leader without mass love can achieve. modi in dubai
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odi and 1 modi.
pm narendra modi discusses urban development and next generation urban spaces at masdar city.
etenergyworld pm modi thanks people for giving up lpg subsidy worth rs 15,000 crore
modi visits 25 countries in 15 months lead modi visits 25 countries in 15 months lead
since assuming ...
after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help physically challenged people
sources say all those 30k inside have been forcefully put in and their passports seized till the modi show is over smiley
pm modi to address 50000 indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united arab em...
and modi was one of them. lol
pm modi to address 50000 indians in dubai
waiting namo in dubai
modi claimed that 20 lakh consumers gave up their lpg subsidy. however, 2 lakh consumers have actually given up...
funny
modi ji doing great work for india..
cuz modi is muslim killer in india and s criminal, he is wanted both in canda ,and usa
the launch of national skill india mission by pm narendra modi via
these modi sheikh jokes are now getting tiresome, i m half tempted to write a condescending buzzfeed esque crapticle
citizenblr301 rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
uae allots land for temple on pm narendra modi s visit
as modi becomes the first pm to visit uae in 34 years, here are 8 things he did first
na mo rocks in dubai superb
modi in dubai all eyes on sports city cricket stadium dubai. go namo. live.
why?? allah in india more muslim than allah in uae?
missed it
haha, was waiting for something as stupid, you guys meet etongueectations, always!
narendra modi signs in visitors book at sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi,
bhai, raga manhus nai he, he s biggest namo supporter. he also wants congress mukt bharat
modi in uae live video link , sir, please
modi in dubai modi in uae dubai cricket ground gone crazy.. only modi modi ki gunj.......
na mo rocks in dubai dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
yes only honest and nationalists.aapians,congis and nitish supporters rattled badly at response to modi
fied .... it s modi festival across the world this year ...
shri modi ji, thank you for speaking in hindi in a foreign soil. it really made me proud. jai hind sir smiley
heartwarming to see such a huge crowd! nationalism is sadly only relevant for nris now, i guess.
pm modi insults nation whenever he goes abroad, says congress
pm narendra modi to inaugurate rs 6,200 crore road projects in bihar tomorrow
modi show about to begin in dubai !!!
dubai cricket stadium is all set to say...
modi hvng fun in glitzy dubai while our ex service men tough it out fighting 4 a btr living
here it goes
anything else??? what a wuss
listen..
with this logic namo should visit temple of all religious practice to proove his credentials as true secular.
modi sud fire bassi for brutal attack on veterans. also police been reprimanded by sc many times. if no action then modi supporting bassi.
getting dawood can be modi s greatest victory
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odi and now 1 modi.
flown there from gujarat in packs, i so heard a tweeter say yesterday.
namo is all bona fide on orop and given the entry of all kinds of politics pm needs to engage in direct dialogue and deliver finally.
pm to inaugurate rs 6,200 cr road projects in bihar tomorrow prime minister narendra modi will
modi apologists never opposed his shameful politics over death.
now defending the deafening silence
why does every news channels etongueect from modi to disclose his govt strategy on dawood.modi will never disclose it.wait for result patiently.
pm modi to unveil rs 56k crore development plan for highways in bihar
eagerly waiting for mr modi speech in dubai
hope he has mercy on italian gangster and her forest gump
quite a crowd, i like how modi is cultivating and connecting with indian diaspora
guys kinsay interested mag color fun run this coming 8.21.15 unsa pay gi hulatan, join namo!
modi in dubai electrifying atmosphere. awaiting namo to address public in sometime
and u still have to tweet about modi s popularity
my dubai crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi
definitely world has new show man in form of narendra modi ji namo in dubai
my dubai live watch narendra modis speech in dubai indian prime minister, narendra modi, is etongueected to ...
inexcusable hypocrisy u.s. is poised to oppose freeing guantnamo hunger striker
modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential assam tribune
modi suits as pm of india. he has that charisma and personality. took the uae by storm. modi in uae
as per your observation, what are the etongueectations of indian diaspora from namo
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister na...
pm narendra modi promises power to 18,500 villages within 1,000 days
its modi s fake policy responsible! here also on border everyday soldiers die, farmers committing suicides, inflation soaring !!!!
twtr
india, u.a.e. plan 75 billion fund as modi seeks investments
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi modi in dubai
proud to be indian lt 3
modi magic !
inspiring young india
there is no deference in mandir or masjid, both places our creator live.
modi baiters have been forced to eat humble crow as grows from strength to strength,likes of saba whine away
this moti want publicity so anything for modi
sorry nris you are being hated as of now by indian intellectuals also known as libtards..maybe post modi visit they wi
you know what would be awesome.. if pm modi parachutes himself down into the stadium modi in dubai modi in uae
modi rocked,aaptards shocked...
show live modi from uae
may be modi wanted gujarati thali.the host is happy,guest is happy but modi haters need something to chew amp spit.
india has never seen a greater visionary pm like namo with both feet firmly planted on the ground and head held so high !
marhaba namo watch live streaming of modi s speech at dubai stadium from this link.
namo is not a person a phenomena representing nearly 90 years of rss work it will take some more years to sink insmiley
pak s sphere of influence punctured after modi s visit .uae bonhomie with india corners pak. modi in dubai
a handful of journalists routinely deliver judgements on everything, so why should the babus not judge tv channels? s
amul the taste of india
babool the paste of india
rahul gandhi the waste of india.
modi the best of india.
sonia the guest of india.
modi proved his man of words. no indian pm get this kind of welcome like this
really??
best moment for me, before namo speech crowd roared with vande matram modi in dubai
they bought the gimmick unto themselves by believing 2 years back modi can t be pm.
good to see those brewing in their own stew.
modi fied uae history in the making , i am here
india needs to hold pakistan responsible for refuting the distinction between state and non state actors.
modi in uae pm offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to erase deficit of ... the indian etongueress the i...
waiting for the day when na mo goes to israel and speaks with netenyahu. if frequency of these people matches then it cud change world order
from swachh bharat to startups, 30 things pm modi said on i day
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation abu dhabi, aug 17 in a move signalling th...
pm modi to take up mission dawood with uae
if she can call prime minister narendra modi ji , by modi .. can i call her saba piyakkad ??
omg ! indian will howl their guts out !! now they ll go in a huddle to plan anti modi strategy smiley
looks like someone beat you to this tweet, ma am!
anti national? we so proud of our pm. obama only wants boys to marry. namo go kiss boys he self.
people waiting for modi to hear, curious what he will say?....
entrepreneurs give thumbs up to pm narendra modi s startup india mission
when pm modi ji is going to come out of marketing mode and enter into the mode of giving governance .this is not congress legacy .
modi ministry pm modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh
watch live namo in dubai...
modi is targeting the nri malayali, perhaps, not from a vote perspective but to choke off what is a rich vein of funding for the
modi will address 70k people in dubai. namo in dubai
modi ministry pm modi in uae uae supports india s bid for permanent unsc seat daily news amp analysis
mr. fm, youre letting down image of mr. modi by sitting on implementation of o
rop, amp doing grt damage
i am not modi bhakt but beggars don t have choice , except modi right now nor in next 15 years there is no other choice
bsp pm to inaugurate rs 6,200 cr road projects in bihar tomorrow prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate...
oh! yes , my mistake. bhavnao me bah jate hain mere jaise modi supporters smiley
raga is a voting machine for modi
modi baiters have been forced to eat humble crow as grows from strength to strength,likes
nandita singgha j dey ...
interesting comment on naga accord and its relevance to kashmir
i like modi but... when u hear this, the person is closet aaptard or congi
when modi ji tries to take a clean selfie
but people around him photobomb
just wait to hear him wail and blame this totally on na mo
he did it to help modi, no? he is a senior bjp leader.
pm narendra modi condemns shrine bomb blast in bangkok august 18, 2015 at 01 53am
modi in uae pm to address indian diaspora in dubai shortly august 18, 2015 at 01 55am
i do not have word gor diggy raja what does he thinksof himself.the most corrupt cm,used to make appointment on chits.now poreaching modi.
boom!
ever pondered abt the misdemeanours of upa 2 which made ppl modi fy their sense of history ? no smoke without fire !
live stream modi will be addressing the community in na mo in dubai marhaba modi
now battery life is only 12 need to switch off. till modi bhai arrives. bbye my rws. enjoy!!
one rank one pension is modi government getting cold feet? the economic times
what happened on aug 14 on jm, dumb founded, never imagined, esms ashamed mr. modi! ?
when the uae said there was going to be consequences against pakistan over yemen, they were not kidding
adarsh liberals, amp are scared one day namo will make the saudi king go garba marhaba namo modi in dubai namo in dubai
boss the modi , modi chant is too good and killing for adarsh liberal ....
watch live on times now modi madison in uae
not a single tv channel wud tell u that supreme cou found aap advt are against its directive
asked namo govt
modi seems to be a great marketer amp escapist.to cover the failure un ls for 2 sessions made tge uae trip. muscat has
after swachh bharat,modi govt to launch accessible india to help physically challenged people in et htt
eagrly waiting for the namo speech..!! modi in uae now
uae govt decides to allot land for building a hindu
temple in abu dhabi this is the respect of pm modi
and his 1st visit
couldn t agree more.. jai ho !!
selfie with habibis narendra modi takes over the front pages of uae newspapers via
whole crowd is chanting in unison, modi modi modi at dubai stadium. loud echoes of vande mataram. marhaba namo na mo rocks in dubai
indian muslims watching love for modi by muslims of other countries.
these are called eyes of legendary elders of fables... sir
day 1 red carpet welcome for modi in uae
now bjp pm modi should stop communal politics by the lesson of gift of temple in land of mosques
dude ur logic is pathetic dere modi is trying to block dawood tu kaha se ye baat bol rha hai srsly sickulars u all r sick hahaha
it s electrifying inside the venue. continues modi modi modi chants...no leader without mass love can achieve.
every lazy assumption does not make a fact.
modi in dubai wow hearing the modi chant ! modi magic
thanks our pm mr. narendra modi
see this is 56 inch seena..ur bosses congress,italian bai and pappu cant even think of it..just admire modi..
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai
have modi any word on vyapam? its fateful for country
the marhaba namo event has started. modi will speak approximately at 9smiley0 pm.
so, scrap elections amp let s crown lalu yadav as cm of bihar because will be upset if bjp wins..
how much more stupid can you become ? thank god there is a limit on twitter.
one need to etongueose people they let them by themselves only.. modi ji
just like he d wished that twitter support would reflect ground reality during ls election.
na mo rocks in dubai this is not this is , d of a true global leader
dubai cricket stadium turns festive for showman . this indian pm surely knows how to create a big buzz! marhaba namo modi in uae
huge crowed gathered at dubai for namo reception
pm narendra modi visit to raise india investments to rs 5 lakh cr boost ...
pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference vk singh economic times
you didn t go to see modi ??
whole crowd is chanting in unison, modi modi modi at dubai stadium. loud echoes of vande mataram. marhaba namo
so now new question some folks are asking on twitter will modi wear skull cap in india??? don t know when such folks will get brain.
they are all paid karyakartas, flown to the uae by .
first video of today s event modi in dubai modi in uae
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in sps
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium prime minister narendra modi is going to addr...
soooo what???????
sirji why do we see smoke wherever are sitting on seeing popularity of all over the world?
modi the best p mof india
pm shri narendra modi taking india ahead to provide better quality life to its people.
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime minister nar...
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime minister... via
how can anybody else even think of having a deal with adani other then modi ?
national interest compromised.
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with the...
follow me congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congr... follow back
raj kapoor must be feeling angry in heaven
, , ,
modi jee will address huge crowd in uae.
plz have enough burnol from me
congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas the congress today said prime minister narendra modi should be ashamed ...
embracing and due to laziness will prove ultimate undoing of modi sarkar. classic damned if you do and damned if you don t.
raga is a voting
like it or not no one sees mulayum , lalu, cpm , mamata or even nitish as replacement to modi , hard fact digest it
times now the indian community in dubai says marhaba welcome namo with a grand welcome modi in uae
only channel news nation is doing the best amp sincere job of repo ing on dubai tour of p.m.modi. rest are busy with rubbish criticising amp ad
i don t know about history of such respect for any indian pm.but this will create a history for sure..proud of my pm
vote jkt48id sanju verma shilpitewari sabanaqvi modi baiters have been forced to eat humble crow as grows from strength to st
u ok now?we namo bhakts were concerned about your health after we learnt you won t fight 2014 elections due 2 poor health.
pm modi warned citizens about the hidden amp anti national agenda of such ngos! ?
modi is like a rock star! modi in dubai
crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later today
very frustrated amp convulsing anti modi dna
has modi the emperor lost his shine? moneylife
stunning visual...real messiah has arrived. moveover everyone...modi ji has arrived.
follow back congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas team follow back
team follow back congress flays pm modi on pakistani shelling in border areas follow back
political joke of the day those outraging abt s lethargy remark in , what did do against wen he was ? us visa
so now people will outrage over what modi eats haha achcha hai.
enthusiasm at dubai made us proud of namo. marhaba modi modi in uae modi in dubai
the world will have a culture shock to see modi as pm after having seen a gem dr mms said my dad. rightly so.
first picture daw namo na engineer na sya! haha. grabe ka maka proud. thank you lord for granting our prayers.
modi is a rocking star, amazingly watching the crowd in dubai cricket stadium........
twitter s third law of trending for every hashtag of namo, there would be equal and opposing hashtag modi in uae globe tr
indeed the tune modi modi imbibes confidence in supporters of modi nd nationalists and rattles opponents s
guess what caption they are using marhaba modi .. did you get the phrase copyrighted?
everyone is so jealous of modi and sheikh s dostana scene love wins
modi breathes green air in masdar city inuae
modi was never communal. only thing he never into appeasement business. events like sadbhavna happened earlier also.
namo has a knack of goin to places where others hv not ventured
print media avoiding publishing lots of image of pm modi uae visit .why ? why affraid ? image must reach to citizens who r my on social medi
, any comments on marketing gimmick or concede modi charm ?
when i read about akbar saheb s painting, mother blessings, dedicated...
modi in dubai music and dance events going on
sir,
we are waiting for u...looking forward to hear historic speech once again. ..we love u and adore you a lot...namo namo
modi has got the diaspora going in his favor for sure. if he can now bring in a postal ballot, he may just about tip the polls in his favor.
this will pass off as a joke. if shoe was on other foot, it will be rumour mongering by trolls
this modi in dubai just confirm only one thing
modi is carrying a lot of hope in his shoulders than we even can think of
pak is feel lots of pain now due to modi. now
modi in dubai modi is a fusion of charisma amp commitment
yes. namo charism and character douled by emirates tour.ndtv and arnab has to wept for this as rahul sonia escaped at yogaday
sir this is adani!! modi ji s man ...as per congress these guys only get subsidy !! you will get another warning!!
while 27 people died in bangkok, the whole shebang of marhaba namo is being blasted across the indian channels. indian media sucks and how
who is narendra modi?
prime minister of india?
no, he s vishwaguru.
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs 5 lakh cr boosttrade via
how government scored in 10 key areas pm modi s one year report card how government scored in 10 key areas th...
this marhaba namo show is not looking secular. tsk.
modi ji hamare desh aayein, then u will have to help me secure passes
bohra s lovely to see them.
waiting to watch modi in dubai
can t wait to get goosebumps when croud says modi modi modi
proud of our honourable pm narendra modi, india s first efficient and strong pm, doing great job
modi ka jalwa barkarar... like always.... again na mo rocks in dubai !!!
i am neither tired nor retired general r hameed gul s message to modi before his death
rock in dubai soil with respected dubai rulers,
in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur. in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect pup
non believers in democracy! still haven t reconciled with may 2014 ls results
modi ji to address massive election rally in dubai stadium
meanwhile... its shopping time..
modi ji.. plz bring some goodies for bhakts
sanjay jha who said modi pulls crowd, showing pic of empty chairs
congrats mr. modi, india for a great deal with abu dhabi well done!
rrajeshbarde modi in dubai modi is a fusion of charisma amp commitment
after clean india, digital india, skill india, make in india, pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion
na mo rocks in dubai 50000 ppl in wanted 2 hear global leader c pics
this certainly seems fake....
lalit modi connection in sahara housing bonds
read more
it s easy to condemn a problem when it s not in your jurisdiction to fix, right modi?
which assumption ? mistreatment of ex servicemen at jantar mantar and silence of pm modi and his apologists on sm ?
better be modi bhakt than anti national morons like u
modi is being welcomed in dubai with kalaripayattu and the violin? lol why?
looking at the crowd going mad screaming modi modi makes me proud gives me the feeling once again of 16th may 14
congress flays modi on pakistani shelling in border areas new delhi, aug 17 ians the congress on monday said
guys have sympathy to they are in deep trauma
huge crowd of 50,000 inside the stadium
chanting marhaba namo !!
electrifying moment!!
1 more burnol moment 4 pseudos
why haven t i yet read any tweet on meh! no dubai paper carries any coverage on namo? namo in dubai
modi reverses stance on sanjiv chaturvedi after rap from court. permits cadre change
pm narendra modi etongueected to address over 50,000 indians at the dubai stadium at around 9smiley0 tonight modi in uae
so true ,, namo is a phenomena !!!
why just tweets... i say ban all modi supporter yeah , and why only modi ? ban everything which i don t like.
congress will say there were only 69999 person nd not 70000 present for modi speech in dubai stadium
there must be some reason for this. only modi knows what is going in his mind, prince.
na mo rocks
media propaganda projected as lion, proved cuning fox .
marhaba namo 50,000 indians attend the mega event at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae
to give an estimate attracted a crowd of 32000 in its concert in dubai, namo above 50,000.
btw if sanjeev bhatt has been accused in any sex gate then what is rationale of showing his hate for namo? portaying victim?
moment
it is becoz u ppl lick feet of modi, otherwise u will get notice for not covering the cheer leaders event.
most of the media specialy zee bjp and ibn7 ambani showing modi is for visit to uae for d boss...... its just a loudspeaker annoncement.
this is too much..
it needs something more than 56 to be bold as this! ordinary human beings cannot have that guts. modi in dubai
pm narendra modi condemns shrine bomb blast in bangkok the indian etongueress
should play it in loop, everytime modi goes abroad! smiley
which assumption ? mistreatment of ex servicemen at jantar mantar and silence of pm modi and his apologists on sm ? s
hahaha lol the adarsh liberals
wondered thru out what author wanted to say. felt like... editor demanded an article, so wrote something
dont t forget she is receiving favours from aap,her vies are not personal s tweet
tomorrow narendra modi will inaugurate another project conceived by corrupt upa 2.
just read the responses to this tweet and you ll know where lies today..in shambles..lol
modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb the all india muslim personal law board...
rajdeep sir said the same thing about modi s twitter support . see what happened.
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi
marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai live
pm modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh
that s why modi ji is great and india is very very great
he alredy has majority in india..poor u smiley
pm narendra modi visits city in abu dhabi. a green project that can blow your mind away.
dubai stadium half packed hours before modi s speech photo1 india today
standby for pm s address , the traditional martial arts of showcased
pm modi in uae abu dhabi has deep pockets, but will it loosen purse strings for india?
pm narendra modi etongueected to address over 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium at around 9smiley0 tonight modi in uae
what mr.modi would write in high school essay agar mai pradhan mantri hota ???????
well if u got spine in ur back show ur regular prog and then show highlight of modi nautanki afterwards.
modi in dubai for ever .
all criticism s against him are suddenly brushed aside due to the anticipation of another scorching speech! modi in dubai modi in uae
problem is.. people are not able to look beyond modi defend karo bhai.. attack baad mein..now you will say 60 years!
pm modi program in dubai
more than 70 thousand people
figure it out!
and plan to create a 75 billion fund to invest in indian infrastructure modi in uae
modi is our last hope , khuda na khasta , if failed then there will be nothing , nothing to be feel great or proud about 1 2
modi knew that i will not in the mosque, then the government would not agree to the temple. these mind games and nothing
want to hear narendra modi s independence day speech. hope he says how he won t tolerate corruption, terrorism etc just for t
u r mistaken mam its us the citizens of india who infact r wishing that he modi represents us.. our country that is india
greatest, proud on you modi sir...
the article portrays the statesman that modi is! enjoyed reading it!
its nt delli, up amp bihar.its dubai stadium .50000 indians are present in marhaba namo show smiley na mo rocks in dubai
if modi believes in development and equality, why can t he start eating chicken. he is feku
so you accepted modi to be a jumla babu
several oppo unities for development in india modi
nris see that modi is the only horse that can pull out india from the hole congress pushed india into.
pm is about to start another speech. will modi in dubai be a hit? read s live blog here
shame on ol indian media houses. they r all busy in political debates and rest r showing pre modi show in dubai.
wot bout blast in bankok ?
celebrated sanjeev kapoor flown to abu dhabi for s dinner
befor d congrs spks of d govt modi being foolish...they shld undstd dat these many indians are not for supporting mr modi!! modi in dubai
modi uae visit, stop the presses.
narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi.
ever since narendra modi,
in modi, the bjp may not have given india another poet as a prime minister, but it has certainly given us a good...
na mo rocks in dubai amid chants of marhaba namo
modiji will address diaspora after 9tonguem ist
fauji with modi this blog says modi will be a good pm of india is that true pls
sometimes when the time passes after that we realise that we were witnessing history. so cherish each day under modi
the kind of all good work tht our pm modi is doing fr the entire nation. establishes the fact that congress never wished india ever prospers
modi in uae pm to address indian diaspora in dubai shortly
pappu so duffer that he still thinks there is no modi wave
an open letter to prime minister modi from a current army soldier via
something should be done about this ,
modi s can only have his mouth watering seeing this blood, not his eyes.
nawaz sharif and n league should learn through modi in dubai, how to respect etongueats and how to listen them
modi woos uae offers 1 trillion opportunities
dubai cricket stadium turns festive for showman . this indian pm surely knows how to create a big buzz! marhaba na
1 more burnol m
oh dear my dear, haha, namo will really miss you.what a pity.
none of the previous indian pm have achieved what namo achieved. created a niche on global platform .world is watching india marhaba namo
watch namo jalwa on link
a great wise job done by mr modi. this is an opportunity provide more jobs.
most laughable comment by looser swamy
someone needs to tell modi led bjp govt is in centre not congress.
namo dubai watch live telecast janam tv, times now, cnnibn, abp news, and more national or international...
except tendulkar i hvnt seen anyone carrying this much hope in his shoulders in any field of life...
same case with modi
modi in uae burnol moment for farziwal n siculars. must be burning heart
when you are out of your wits and don t know what to say
timesnow marhaba namo 50,000 indians attend the mega event at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae
independent india will be seen as post modi and pre modi era in future. na mo in dubai
dubai stadium, where pak cricket team plays their home games is now witnessing an epic gathring, people shouting modi, modi modi in uae
timesnow pm narendra modi etongueected to address over 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium at around 9smiley0 toni
looks like is frustration galore. please go get a life and stop obsessing about modi!
modi tears kurta and flings at crowd.
modi crowdsurfs
my great wishes to honorable pm ,modi jee for great india to be a clean india ,corruption free india.
getting investment from cash rich is essential for growing modi in dubai
watching marhaba namo...
what a great etongueerience to see,
very happy .
na mo rocks in dubai friends in this crowd is nt in it s in c d crowd 2 hear
is this the same adani, who use to be modi friend ?
modi ji wooing malayalis by having malayalam anchors .
cool strategy .
modi magic happening in uae, the spell is marhaba modi marhaba modi
appoint full time ed director soon, subramanian swamy tells pm modi the enforcement sps
cant remember the last politician who could build such hype and frenzy as ! lets have another madison repeat,sir! modi in dubai
worth the read . don t let jungle raj part ii come to bihar pm modi tears into nitish, lalu at gaya via htt
construction sector daily indian pm modi offers uae 1tn investment options
sir ... millions of us feel you should now be co opted to take this great country to next level..modi r u that dumb?
none of the parties even considered , modi govt had promised some action. shouldn t you support him ??
lol !! namo hurries wd ladies wink
who said nobody knows modi outside guj?
? modi rocks dubai modi in dubai
why bbc bigots? because they don t want to peddle the lies that the modi government feeds you?
if namo can get some political mileage out of it he will else he too shall succumb !
india, u.a.e. plan 75 billion fund as modi seeks investments via
overwhelmed based painter presents mother s blessings portrait to indian pm
perhaps u hv failed 2 notice love 4 modi in rallies in india as recent as 2 rally in bihar . or r u only interested in nris op.
i have felt the atmosphere in msg in ny and also got privilege to meet modi ji for photo up also.need to c to believe
modiji sweeping people with his charisma, dynamic personality, absolute charm! we are so proud of you pm modi.
dubai hosted 17 odi and 1 modi .
stat for all
mr. narendra modi, if govt. saved 15000 crore from lpg subsidy then 8000 crore for isn t a big thing
everyone likes entertainment . modi is providing full entertainment .so most will come modi in dubai namo in dubai
namo modi s popularity increasing its speed like ferrari.
opposition politicians lagging behind like the speed of cycle
eagerly waiting to hear modi s speech today in dubai
let the glory of india spread make in india dream may soon be a great reality
one rank one pension is government getting cold feet?
the day he will wish that he will make it happen, hate mongers like u will keep crying modi in dubai namo in dubai
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister narendra modi will add...
safron heads are totally upset with moulana mulla modi khazoor offering namaz in dubai mosque. hard burned ass
dubai will be declared 30th state of india after modiji speech.... that s why we are following namo only...
when people try to be over smart......
marhaba namo... i m watching live event via internet. feeling happy and proud by watching my brothers amp sisters living in uae. modi in uae
suckular logic.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments the cricket stadium in dubai where prime m...
an interesting tool
our rockstar is all set to rock the uae indian diaspora. wish modi sahib all the best
after supporting the stalling in parliament, journos desperately egging ex servicemen against namo! traitors in media
everyone likes entertainment . modi is providing full entertainment .so most will come modi in dubai
did u just read the whole news or commented by seeing 1st line.it says for pm modi hosted by the abu dhabi investment authority
safron heads are totally upset with moulana mulla modi khazoor offering namaz in dubai mosque. hard burned
modi amp the muslim world how pm s uae visit breaks the religious stereotype.my column
am disgusted at modi govt. s behaviour towards the armed personnel... i have fallen out of love with modi.. pure heart break.
modi diaspora addresses are now like cricket match finals.. so much excitement around
pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast
prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast...
ha not only me baba amp modi will bth b 2gethr alng wi8 me amp well clck a,selfie
oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm right...no need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.
narender modi getting warm welcome by uae govt nd indian people living their mery pakistani dosto tuwanu mircha kiu lg riya?
a traditional dance from kerala mohiniattam keeps audience engaged ahead of narendra modi s arrival modi in uae
modi is an individual who can not be trusted see how his govt is treating the soilders
and we re here smiley
namoin uae namoin dubai
modi ji has the best body language to enthrall his audience.
i wud say that ed was accepted during cong rule that s y they gave clean chit amp also neglected lalit modi s case
narendra modi ready to clean bowled aa pigs amp congees amp from dubai cricket stadium.
as soon as we are done with the trash in porkistan. not much longer
any subtle humour in the fact that a traditional dance performance precedes s speech? namo in dubai modi in dubai modi in uae
my dear namo friends, please follow national gen. secretory of bjp, hon. mp shri. bhupendar ji yadav
etongueecting 1 lakh crore rupees of investment on india from dubai pm watching narendra modi
india has an immediate investment opportunity of 1 trillion pm narendra modi to uaeinvestors via
real reason behind modi s visit to uae pranay sharma aug 15,2015
off late, one more trend has started. some idiots criticize namo in a sophisticated manner to appear as rw intellectual.
now will hit sixers and fours from dubai cricket stadium.. thousands of fielders waiting..
can t etonguelain the mood of this crowd waiting for namo
all the leaders of the political parties must appreciate the brilliant leadership of modi jee in redefining foreign policy
brand ambassador of india modi in dubai marhaba namo
haven t been so excited before jaihind namo in dubai marhaba namo
i m laughing at ur countries stupidity, the whole islamic world knows , modi is muslim killer
pics coming from dubai are awesome.... only modi could generate so much enthusiasm and energy among indians.
modi in dubai modi magic
would request indian army to not waste blood in requesting modi, seeing this, watering occurs in his mouth, not eyes
waisvi i dunno whthr u knw baba whn opnd his 1st twttr accnt fllwd modi sabse phle
thatcher s first year contrasted with s first year
dubai stadium, where pak cricket team plays their home games is now witnessing an epic gathring, people shouting modi, modi
come on india.set the goal amp get ready for jet set, go
padho yaar. koi toh padho. i m wasting my wise cracks about mallus in dubai here.
jst see modi has made life misrable fr congis sisklrs prestituts media opp. ll barking like mad 24 7 365.v shud njoy prestitus cong barking
1000 years etongueerince from malabar cost modi ji just refreshed
please send burnol to this lady. she needs it. smiley na mo rocks in dubai
? modi rocks duba
pm modi received by crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan at abu dhabi presidential airport.
love to watch monkey act circus at pm
ha ha ha burnol moment for all aaptards. lol 50000 indian gathered to welcome pm modi. smiley marhaba namo
... and namo didn t even wear a skull cap!! modi in uae
unsubtledesi off late, one more trend has started. some idiots criticize namo in a sophisticated manner to appear as rw intellectual.
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation via
is it congress flays modi or ndtv flays modi. anyway both are amp mean the same
yeah bt isnt he modi agent
live i reception in cricket stadium i read i
modi should really extoll the benefits of breathing...will rid us of a lot of his critics wink
modi is wearing a blue jacket in abudhabhi. what does that mean? is he trying to woo dalit votes in bihar?? is it manjhi ef
modi with uae prince , so close
indian killed for trying to save girl from rape in up.
we want justice for qasur
enjoy the cultural events marhaba namo in dubai what a gathering with true spirit indian discipline!!
to everything burn, burn, burn
there is a season burn, burn, burn
and a time to apply burnol nice and even
pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok...
pm modi attacks previous
governments in uae, congress hits
back modi in uae
pm narendra modi condemns twin bomb blast in bangkok outside hindu temple prime minister narendra modi on monday condemned the
from outsider to insider modis independence day speech was underwhelming, especially in comparison to last year
toii pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast.
modi n his antics are getting really gross, modiji, rt now ur credibility lies in tatters.let swamy salvage it b4 u get ur ass bit
after clean india, digital india, skill india, time for accessible india. the et report spells out the contours
is it not failure of pakistan foreign policy?
modi presents 1 trillion investment opportunites in india to uae
why on earth want to cover a marketing gimmick in dubai stage managed by
modi caught in nuclear war at barc the new indian etongueress via
1st pm will get this honour
to address a huge croud in dubai
modi visit to mini india is a big boost for development, he is the pm can change india fortune
by now should have realised tt namo will not raise soga s petticoat above her knee.
yup. well said. love the honest confessions.
i liked a video pm modi to address the indian community in dubai
yes.the other 281 bjp mps are all nris
every should read this
prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast.
you can t see modi happy! you can t see resident indians happy! you can t see non resident indians happy! bc what kind of liberal are you???
ohhh lol donkeys porkis in which police station u laung the fir.no body will hear your voice against india or modi
,also modi promised swearing the tricolor. etongueectations r high from him
i honestly fail to understand why prime minister modi did not apologise condemn police action on veterans in the defen
not for sachin ... this time modi .. modi ..
timesnow pm narendra modi etongueected to address over 50,000 indians at dubai cricket st
dont worry riots wont happen and if they do let modi handle it, he reduced riots which went on 2 months to
you know such nonsense comments from u actually help pm modi get more support from people. continue with ur hatred!
ma am u wished there ws no modi, then u wishd there wer no bhakts , nw u must b wishing there r no nris
pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae google alerts
wish u cud rationally analyze the replies...
biggest ever event taking place in dubai.not for a actor singer dancer rockstar, its for our pm namo. really a proud moment for us mod in uae
you can t see modi happy! you can t see resident indians happy! you can t see non resident indians happy! bc what kind
coming up to address in cricket stadium. coming up in 20 mins. modi in uae
every person coming to dubai stadium to see the most shameful item of indian history
modi dance modi dance modi dance
no, that s not a cricket match...these people are waiting for narendra modi
thank you uae !! s
people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. track live updates here
pm modi condemns twin bomb blast in bangkok outside lord brahma temple
is a new hidden opportunity 2 make more amp happy india soon,observed implemented by ji
shot a music video last week. linda appleby on pics. grace modi, model. allita steward, costume designer.
aaj tak live watch modis abu dhabi uae speech live streaming the indian prime minister
it s been a year amp 3 months now, amp yet they ve still not understood that the namo phenomenon isn t limited to nris.
feel ji s or event guys need software year amp more,repetitive events,change venue and same speeches.
as narendra modi becomes the first pm to visit uae in 34 years, here are 8 things he did first via
i think building a temple in abu dabhi is big step by narendra modi for creating new job opportunities amp trade relations with uae.
our media misses, besides trillions investment, modi engages uae for anti money laundering, drug trafficking amp extrad
after 12 yrs of your hatred, modi is pm and you have become a filthy street bitch with no employment
india is thankful to uae for giving respect to our pm namo. thanks and love you uae.
till then cong would drown.
modi yet to reach stadium. cultural function is on. watching live on news nation.
namo ya na mano.. he is the most popular indian prime minister the world has ever seen! namo in uae
prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate tomorrow highway projects involving investment of rs 6,200 crore in...
.in return soga will not untie namo s nadapatti .whatever they do, it is just to fool people.
who is your favorite person you haven t met yet ? not movie stars mine is erm yeah not modi
victims of indian dowry law at the dubai modi event..
is superhero jubilant crowds throng stadium for marhaba namo address
i think building a temple in abu dabhi is big step by narendra modi for creating new job opportunities amp trade relations with
modi save soniya in nation herald case .ed cheef give relefe rg soniya but junior ed cheefs are disagree to ed chef
without modi no sale !! abuse or appreciate !! he is all media s selling giant !!
a traditional dance from kerala ,mohiniattam,keeps audience engaged ahead of modi s arrival
hindu. modi should have first visited mosque in india aimplb
our great pm modi welcome in dubai feeling proud
at waiting for speech modi in dubai
for both of you ,
do you have something, which brand s underwear modi should wear?
lalith modi...is not to make point...point to indian politics
10 things modi should see before leaving the uae smart cities modi launched his smart cities initiative in june,
aadhar card new pareshaani created by modi to dilute our taxes!!!
modi tears kurta and flings at crowd. several die of asphyxiation! tongue
uae suported modijis yoga day proposal,celebrated yoga day.
now surya namaskar is played in marhaba namo
modi in dubai live stadium nearly full people still pouring in
modi s visit to the icad city that houses thousands of workers should have been far more significant than...
you may disagree with modi s style of functioning but you can t deny the global spectacle the man is building for india. namo in dubai
nasty, foul smelling, obnoxious indeed is this
toi pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast prime minister narendra modi has strongly condemned the bangkok bomb blast.
while channels are discussing strategic importance of pm modi s visit to uae, nidhi razdan is venting her anger in ndtv out of frustration.
some will still say modi ji took them along, but then closing eyes only makes one blind not the world dark
pm modi to address 50000 indians in dubai ndtv all the news
indian secular must be wild that sheikh did not ask modi to wear thobe with head gears!
your feelings are understandable since your time you are meeting a leader who is incorruptible modi rocks in dubai
modi in dubai live now narendra modi pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai
nawaz sharif and ishaq dar should not beat drumps of chinese investment, see hindu extremist modi plan for uae
all, this itself shows how soft is congress. if bjp, it wud be daily parliament logjam for this reason and rallies?
in india hindus are shouting islamic pm modi rocks amp few minutes ago islamic pigs have blown up a hindu temple in thailand.
nice...but y showin this to us??
shame...shame.... congress. it didn t digest of modi
modi is pushing for 1 trillion.think big think gujrathi.
amareshmisrafc modi amp gang not ashamed rest all
most important question is, if modi wave still working ??
union minister uma bharati says she wants to write a book on pm narendra modi as she is impressed by his personality
us will not release hunger striking guantnamo detainee 6 year old yemeni after an eight year hunger strike
bizzare has torn his t shirt also.why he was not wept.modi gave courage to this presstitutes not wept.he heels hismad
just now the indian community in dubai says marhaba welcome namo with a grand welcome modi in uae
you are looking always victory sri narendra modi
i wonder what these countries feel when modi stands in the midst of vande mataram chants, on their soil! modi in dubai
if modi can win elec on gujraat model why owaisi can t get votes on hyderabad model what.they have done very good works in hb
even better some of the best nris brains come and take over c grade journalists in indian msm.
adarsh liberals are well wishers of none they have their own agenda that benefits them financially. worst quality humans modi in dubai
modi ji ...it s ok for raksha bandhan ..
but my bank customers asking for schemes of 14th february wink...
moments smiley modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament...
muslims and sickulers will never digest modi being the pm
by now should have realised tt namo will not raise soga s petticoat above her
this is accidental tour of modi ji because his intention is clear about to catch daud ibrahim ..!
marhaba namo.. long queue of ppl, modi modi chants, posters, drums, jubilation.. who else can beat pm modi in popularity? na mo rocks in dubai
modi tweets on anything but never on gurdaspur udhampur border attacks vyapam sushma raje modi wil hv events outside india dramebaaz..
india has 1 trillion investment potential, says modi
woos offers 1 trillion
no that is your jaundiced wish lady. moment for your gang?
modi in backfoot because of alleged corrupt deals... really? is this article about lalit modi?
ishaq dar open your eyes, do not just give dreams. see modi entry in uae
i m immensely say that a huge respect for our pm mr.modi it s not a respect for one people it s a respect for whole nation unruly crowd
marhaba modi chant in dubai . 50000 indian s to hear pm speech at stadium !
narendra modi goes to us
about to meet the kardashians
modi kim cho?
people go mental
narendra modi will address more than 50000 indians in dubai at 9smiley0. do watch. another moment like madison square garden
i lv my india n modi sir good luck
the wait for the indian prime minister narendra at the cricket stadium
modi in dubai media is talking of mundane etongueectations from pm visit. i c indians , muslims included, pure love for motherland n modi.
us will not release hunger striking guantnamo detainee 36 year old yemeni after an eight year hunger strike
incredible atmosphere. packed stadium. less than 1 hour to go before modi speech. beautiful indian culture on display
hello can you look into this handle slandering mr br shetty.
if modi pressurizes every one will hound him of working as dictator ,vendetta,the same media and intellects.he just asked time
when life and humor gives up on you
please
to world no 1
thanks
doing a 50k has come 2 dubai cricstd. 2 see amp listen namo.
happy hour liberals.
honestly no comparisons. modi swept the globe attracting huge investments 1 2.
the world doesn t care about indians killed by pak sponsored terror. india needs to fight terror on its own.
very well said..
save avinashi lingam ache din modi government talks big about girl empowerment but this is how it could shoulders and i
not like india have him a majority or anything ...
is dd gonna telecast the modi s dubai programme ..
modi must be wishing,libtard journos like you could come out of college committees, stop whining amp do honest journalism for once
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 m odi. modi in dubai
pm modi s visit a chance to chart new course in ties uae minister
modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment narendra modi talked about investment climate in india as bot...
pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh
so much hate for modi non stop!!amazing to keep tempo going on since 2002 to abuse modi, more u abuse, he will be more stronger
its a proud moment its none other than an indian prime minister narendra modi who has inspired them all
msdhhoni rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
bbadrikishore ndtv people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. track li
akshat forever rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
nlcpraveen rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
kameshkumar651 timesnow marhaba namo 50,000 indians attend the mega event at duba
mcen modi meets uae pm discusses trade, investment narendra modi talked about investment climate in india a...
dearheartby timesnow marhaba namo 50,000 indians attend the mega event at dubai c
rchanemougam rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
bullish19 vishweshwarbhat friend in dubai says first time we indians feel here that we have a leader modi
iarmy40 chandra007 it s full and same number of namo fans waiting outside..dubai com
oh hope even dubai wants namo as their pm wow what a man...
uppinakayi narendra modi will address more than 50000 indians in dubai at 9smiley0. do watch. another moment like mad
thegulfindian the wait for the indian prime minister narendra at the cricke
akkhnna drgarekar people are biased..for ,crowd in is chanting .modi..if goes t
yogeshkhandokar timesnow pm narendra modi etongueected to address over 50,000 indians at
jyamummy rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
it seems r madhav is the event organiser for namo modi in dubai
pm modi shakes hands with workers at dubai which turns them speechless
ajaynayak126 rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
ji ye kya krwa diya aapne smiley you r nt seasonal trend yu r brand of 125cr ppl
india inc hails pm narendra modi s thrust on agriculture production, startups
pity, her hate for modi has blinded her to see anything worthwhile
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united ...
haha,stupid apptards congitards r always in modi bashing mode without facts just rhetoric!
u mean non returning indians......then who will finance pm rockstar events....
mojo lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit
lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit modi and
prasanna tweets rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
mojo modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since
modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since
johny lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit
wire lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit
johny modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since
wire modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since
why on earth want to cover a marketing gimmick in dubai stage managd by
pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok at least 27 people wer... via
oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm right...no need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.hate has no limit.
modi in uae pm to address indian diaspora in dubai shortly india and the uae today ca... via
mr.kerry lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modi nahyan talks, uae to back indias un... via
mr.kerry modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever
then it was temporary 2 yrs back as well, they why namo and jaitley jump the gun then?
u all r biased about modi
congressis, psecs amp have got themselves into such a bind, they just cant say anything positive about namo
. hi , r u attending the namo event in dubai? u will learn how to speak without notes so pls do attend
y dont u take some lamba in ur mouth to correct ur pronunciation against mr. modi
modi rocks everywhere jai namo na mo rocks in dubai
why is modi stuck with retards n hustlers in his cbnt. why is swamy not in cbnt... or is modi jealous of swamy?sad
when he visits u hav a prob..when he doesnt u hav a prob..r u crazy insane..
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united arab
prime minister narendra modi s uae visit in pictures
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modi nahyan talks, uae to back indias unsc bid august 18, 2015 at 02 08am
9pm..modi has left for the stadium
al narendra bin damodar das modi really rocking in gulf. mabrook!!! modi rocks in dubai
indian pm s historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which translates into welcome namo
pm is warmly welcomed by the indian nationals in uae. here s a beautiful poem
hey he got 282 in india. thats majority .. yrs wishes ain t going anywhere though
rt be dubey its a proud moment its none other than an indian prime minister narendra mod
veni, vidi, vici moment for modi, proud of you sir.
respect for modi
rt binarysu til now pm modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae inviting investors from u
the rockstar
modi rocks in dubai absolutely packed to the brim. is scheduled to appear in 1 hr
modi addressing 50000 indians in dubai. never seen an indian pm taking nris so seriously which they actually deserve. hats off namo in dubai
rt youtube99999999 pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai prime minister nare
rt twittiptop pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference v k singh
indian pm s historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which translates into welcome namo h
madam j, modi is the pm . u may not like it. it s ok. u can go to pakistan n elect ur pm.
namo haters are gonna have sleepless and restless night tonight. modi in dubai
lovely
marhaba namo.. long queue of ppl, modi modi chants, posters, drums, jubilation.. who else can beat pm modi in popularity
the bjp minister shud have learnt from modi who skipped saying the same on his visit to srinagar.
pm modi in masdar
india has lost a golden opportunity in last 34 years.
india inc hails pm narendra modi s thrust on agri production, startups
development pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok the indian etongueress the ... economy
investment of 5 lakh crore..... nd some people still shouting modi ne kuch nhi kia sirf ghumne ke
this is a...
what s going on? pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in get leads gt
what a event sir dubai wala aaj garv ho raha hey indian hone ka because of modi g and you great brain sir
finally the two visionaries meet..
hh shk. mohammed al maktoum and narendra modi....
that s exactly what we do!
law against paid news is fine. what about fake information?
on pm modi s 15th aug chhai pe charcha with farmers of dhunela yogend... jai kisan andolan
modi government unveils 7 point revamp plan for public sector banks
modiji is uniting d indians in other country. but ppl inside india can t understand it. modi in dubai
aaaaaaand he did become pm to your eternal misery!!!! with 282 mps to boot from twitter and nri votes.
yes. modi is a rockstar. yes. his overseas events are grand and spectacular. jealous dear adarsh liberals?
modi govt to inject rs 20,000 crore in psbs in a month, sbi to get rs 5,000 crore
once weak advani. followed by hollow rajnath, under the weakest pm modi. where is the 56 ?
watch modi in dubai live in tv.
visit live telecast started
marhaba name
modi magic to
link to live coverage of namo show in dubai
dubai sports stadium full packed to welcome namo
very much looking forward to prime minister modi s visit to the uk later this year.
pm interacts with school children after addressing the nation from the ramparts of red fort on independence day
ya teach that lesson to modi, live and let live
pm narendra modi unfurls thetricolour at red fort india at69
modi magic bihar election speech. namo in dubai
after burning and labeling pakistan as a supporter of terrorism,modi trying to avail opportunities in the arab world
why i feel that its incorrect to perceive modi s grand mosque as a conciliatory gesture .
ndtv people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival. track live updates here
has 1 trillion
potential, says in abu dhabi
isi amp d company behind pakistani foreign ministers assassination as he failed to stop mr. narebdra modi s state visit to uae.
master player smiley
people love modi. people like modi. modi in dubai
modi z silent like a mummy.he z afraid that if he condemn pak.they will snap nsa talks. as some says his legs n tounge are shivering
u congeee and aaptad ....are shameless.......to abuse our modi......remove ur glasses n c u blind u il c why modi is good
what people in uae are saying about visit ?
so the modi circus rolls into my town. this is one prime minister whose email would always be on autoresponder awol! modi in dubai
so is hindu editorial claiming that modi committed to deposit 15 lacs in our bank accounts? elevating discourse!
whatta moment it s going to be na mo at dubai uae, modi in uae
oh dear! you are looking so cool.we hope you enjoy namo s banter.he will entertain you for sure
lovely lovely
worsht
live tv watch pm narendra modi s speech at dubai cricket stadium shortly modi in dubai
modi jee ko temple in uae k lie jameen allocate hogi,i want to build temple,church amp gurudwara at same premises
pls trend na mo rocks in dubai na mo rocks in dubai na mo rocks in dubai na mo rocks in dubai na mo rocks in dubai namo can anytime now.
modi made muslims hold tirangas, he must apologies.
is modi only hope anna ?
burnol moment !
kaha se laati ho itna hatred? eat sleep drink breathe modi hatred. hate has consumed you.
modi ji you are hope of india..............may you always rock sir
joint statement of crown prince of uae mohamed bin zayed ai nahyan and prime minister narendra modi
waiting for namo from last 4 hours in hot weather, junta chanting modi modi na moin dubai
i never requested and never recommended to british government to give travel documents to lalit modi.
retweeted ramesh srivats
feel ji s or event guys need software year amp more,repetitive events,change venue and sam
. one of the great prime ministers of the world proud to be an indian and happy because that great prime minister is modi ji.
will modis visit to the uae help improve indias relations with that country?
modi ji should be best awarded with self promotion amp selfies! jumla babu
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bom...
burnol moment for all with humongous response what our respected pm has got modi in uae
what modi can t have in kerala, he is enjoying in uae
skull cap obsessed seculars politicians in india got the shock of their life for the treatment modi received in uae,it s out of pure respect
sir, not in uae covering modi? your employers do not trust you anymore to reign in your emotions with a pro modi crowd?
what exactly she is trying to say? these people have a pathological hatred for
bharatha natyam spls for marhaba namo modi in dubai .
kejri went to uae for his party fund
modi got 20 billion usd for indian infra
dubai cricket stadium turns festive for showman modi. this indian pm surely knows how to create a big buzz...
her moroni ness . born
the cricket stadium in dubai where prime minister narendra modi will ad..
our lovable prime minister modi ji, this is my first tweet i ever post in tweeter. why our law is differnt for a man amp woman as both r same?
sources to pti govt will notify dmf guidelines soon after consultations with pm modi
hahaha desparation exasperation causing u to scrape the bottom of the anti modi barrel? laughing
na mo rocks in dubai this is the modi magic. aaptards enough of burnol now u guys apply zhandu balm thanx
getting can be modi s greatest victory modi in uae
don t worry we indians are there for and . you i rudalis need not worry
i am protege of pm.n.modi.feeling very jubiliant has 50thoudands gathered indians at cricket stadim
modi is indias virat kholi.
amareshmisrafc modi amp gang not ashame
we love our namo
30k it looks like bihar election speech bhakts modi magic. namo in dubai
modiin dubai modi works hard day and night. world respects every where he goes for some reason. world is not fool, right?
dear n it is hightime u start giving subsidy on burnol modi in dubai modi in uae
lol. pls ask modi to cease properties of dawood worth 10000 cr in mumbai 1st.
we used get to such scenes only during in dvs pak match!
but this shows ppl luv as much as cricket.
this is what modi did on sunday
abu dhabi temple land
dawood s asset freeze
1 tr investment
support for unsc seat
modi in uae pm offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to erase deficit of ... the indian etongueress
i dont mind a nri becoming an mp. still more indian than gandy family dear
modi in dubai reception in cricket stadium track live updates at
blast just before modi starts his speech is it to divert intl medias attention from dubai?
retweeted governing india
nobody can beat modi in marketing india ... nobody in the world may...
india inc seeks long sustainable ethical growth models.. only modi want it any which way.. modi in dubai
. like seriously!
pm modi condemns bangkok blast read more
stat pm modi becomes the first indian who visits dubai and doesn t taste hummus. modi in dubai
and the lives of indians living along pak border and loc.
this needs itch guard
im fear hathway cable isnt a modi fan...since morning strategic technical problems at crucial junctures that last hours. one on now
waiting for shri modi s public speech dubai cricket stadium namo in dubai
watch live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai
pm narendra modi will address shortly indian diaspora in . modi in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
feeling happy amp proud by watching my brothers amp sisters living in uae. new milestone in india and uae relationship. marhaba namo. modi in uae
perpetual hatred and events of last 24hrs has scarred her completely.
madisson moment for pm narendra modi in dubai chant marhaba modi respect in islam
modi is biggest killer of indian muslims..he is your hero...devil becomes hero..hahhahhaha
pm modi s uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai read more
na mo rocks in dubai thousands wait with patience to listen to . marhaba modi
youtube. modi and pmo channel.
modi s gift to all nri on his uae visit laughing
so many indian gathering to meet pm sends clear msg 2 world dat how rich is india in human resource modi in dubai
hahahaha..... even modi doesn t take gobar swamy seriously!
gujarati favours kem chho like modi to adani. today i saw ravi shanker pd. to give some light on gst.till today
next, will etongueect modi to not carry any chief instead, he should carry tiffin box full of theplas.
india today live tv watch pm narendra modi s speech at dubai cricket stadium shortly
in metro timings extended marhaba namo as nr is ready for pm modi in uae
we want arabs to be friendly to hindu customs? then why shldn t modi wear the skullcap?
thank you.. . at his best. must read n i totally agree with him
this is called magic.. modi magic in
dubai
feeling here .....
maam.. dont forget to watch the grand spectacular event. modi in dubai
seriously must be hoping, only way he can get a majority in parliament and become pm
times now marhaba namo 50,000 indians attend the mega event at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae
times now pm narendra modi etongueected to address over 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium at around 9smiley0 tonight
that s why namo .... !!
watch modi in dubai live on tv.
ass on fire???
didn t cong and other parties mp s humiliate modi by wrtg to u.s. for declining visa
modi to open world hindi conference on september 10
pm modi condemns twin bomb blasts in bangkok outside lord brahma temple prime minister zee news
if you agree modi jee ko temple in uae klie jameen allocate hogi,i wish waha temple,church amp gurudwara bhi bane
lage raho modi bhai road show karne wth ur amit sha b cause he is ur successor turn india in2gujarat only u 2 guys not advani old
people are gathering always to hear the historic speech of our prime minister narendra modi dubai cricket stadium !
this is what haunts the adarsh
getting followers is easy. abuse namo entity gang of bhakts follow amp abuse. u can cry victim get invited to tv debates amp pak.
o god wat shud i say u realy have 3rd degree burns
wow good
friend in dubai says...people taking a leave from office to attend pm modi s address to indian diaspora in dubai on 17th.aug.
that s right...modi should have waited for all the saas bahu program to finish before starting his speech.
comedy of the day from the ghost pr team of late pakistani gen. hameed gul who died on aug 15 indian ind. day
as if modi doesn t already have enough of mps. madam, work on words selection. frustration clearly visible.
difficult to grasp for people with no clue on how rss works! country is bigger than self and family for a pracharak!
modi in dubai ht
so ur confirming my misgiving if some1 seeks the true position on ground thru i amp then pushes it under namo nose what reault!
massive crowd in stadium
modi... modi... modi
largest gathering.. on foreign land to welcome a modi in dubai
not single msm malayalam channel is covering tis event.while its running commentary by modi in dubai
pity this woman! the heartburn is evident.
moron, lalit modi ran away bcause of aj, sri, shukla trio. he doesn t give a damn abt ed.
end of d day money make many things,which v can witness in dubai. money making scams of modi succeeded end of the day.nice event management!
i remember you were pro modi a year back, isn t that correct? smiley
modi must also be wishing for free and truly fair journalists in india.
so modi ji s speech is going to start with vande matram.
sending burnol to all presstitite media na mo rocks in dubai
modi in dubai people at dubai cricket stadium await pm modis arrival.
hey! its you lot that jerk off on modi mate laughing
conspiracy theory of the day speaking between 9 and 10 pm to block the outrage brigade on tv. modi in uae dubai speech
modi had given signal to army men also modi a fraud
i don t see why though. many nris i know are proaap and hate modi rss so why the generalization?
don t worry he will get real votes too just swept polls in mp also u can keep crying
non hindu ppl of india shld now realize nd look towards 4 their way 2 prosperity,avoid ppl who hv been poisoning ur ears modi in dubai
not the modi but there are secular powers modi is hindu hardliners
modi in dubai media is talking of mundane etongueectations from pm visit. i c indians , muslims included, pure love for mothe
he must learn at least some things, he is representing india not bhrasht janta party, shame on you mr.modi
congis pm if in middle east wld wear skull cap 2 prove their sickularism.shameless,learn something frm namo
no points for guessing pm modi will speak a few words in malayalam. modi in dubai
replace modi with mms , is with was , pm with expm n then u r talking sense.
pm narendra modi likely to inaugurate world hindi conference in bhopal v k singh
foraign mushlim? modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb
may b right 4 kishanganj amp araria seats. modi s pr was paid gt 500 cr to raise bhakts b4 election. now bhakti is hiding in shame
pm narendra modi s independence day speech august 15, 2015 via
after showcasing so much boring classical performance these organizers will undo whatever modi has achieved in uae . modi in dubai
true. modi is a lame duck pm who s lost much of his support base.now only nris support him..
you went to see modi ? definetly acche din
and you must be thinking that these informed nris should never become influential, as they are not affected by msm.
india today has already decided that modi is on event management even before modi speaks. raj deep
so many thousands of muslims to attend namo in dubai event. overflowing numbers. modi in uae
yes yes yes modi rocks in the foreign ....! amp what about country named india ??????? hilarious modi in uae
. pm modi mst answer why bjp leadership protected rapist asaram past 1 year why justice was not done?
these lamentable characters r so caught up in their hate for the pm that threir minds don t go beyond absolute shit.
why oppose modi
jubilant crowds throng dubai stadium for modi address
uae getting ready to welcome modi ji 4 modi in uae visit
ma am u wished there ws no modi, then u wishd there wer no bhakts , nw u must b wishing there r no nris h
credibility of namo at stake, on whom hope of so many is riding.
how many fake accounts used in tweeting here against modi here! oops.
well its good write up sir gt gt modi and the muslim world via
cravings satisfied!
palit namo kay ,guys! lami jod
bhakts are unbelievable. first they abuse sheiks now they are proud of modi for clicking selfies with the same sheikhs.
political unrest in the country india is heading towards a confusion, narendra modi is something like one of the premiers.
apparently dawood features as an important agenda in pm modi and dovals visit to dubai.. dossier amp tel con being handed ove
what mr.modi would write in high school essay
agar mai pradhan mantri hota ???????
ans he attached a world map
that s what i call an analyst! such accurate prediction a year in advance! sheer brilliance!
madmanweb pm flies all the way to uae to get indian food.
namo may be jumla babu from last 1.5 yrs but gandhi nehru s are jumla baby since 15 august 1947. sorry to inc supporters but
modi rchd out2blue collar workers in gulf.their so called saviors like muslim league, cpm, congies etc all r afraid smiley na mo rocks in dubai
modiin uae this is not india that is lighting the 3 colors representing our flag. this is uae welcoming modi ji
incredible atmosphere. packed stadium. less than 1 hour to go before modi speech.beautiful indian culture on display
dubai cricket stadium seen houseful for the first time namo in dubai na mo
do u know difference between 1 and three....90 and 45 difference was 45 now modi tried to decrease the diff..
india to uae what s the ticket price. because i miss modi .
pm modi to speak to indians in dubai whilst in bangkok a blast outside a temple. is it co incidence or planned?
don t use modi ji s name in order to show your hate for pakistan. stay in your limits you gawaar
ohh !!! namo making world crazy
firstpostlive modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadiumfirstpostprime minister narendra modi ...
modi is superhero jubilant crowds dubai internation stadium for marhaba namo address
full text of former service chiefs letter to pm modi on oropten former service chiefs have written an open letter to prime ministe.. toi
handle i ask s to hounrable pm shri n.modi that will annoucement different schemes from red fo will be completed on time.
thr r two types of ppl on my fb tl .. those who love modi and those who downright hate him
p.m modi vist to mosque was a wise step and to ask for land to built a temple a wiser step.
watch here namo in dubai
modi meets indian communities in uae
what a proud moment for them after 34 years.
modi a shameless primeminister in indian history, always anywere only polytics
fodder to opposition..modi ji s schedule proves that he is against middle class tv watching people
wud be any day better than the scum aka cong, commie mps that pass for legislators as of now
na mo rocks in dubai this is s magic.thank u d true global leader
crowd very enthused about musical performances so far. same troupe that performed for modi in germany. namo in dubai
u should be happy if you think modi s support is declining at home instead of whining! btw,when r u getting back to journalism?
theres a live presser of modi and the uae rep.. but doing their own silly commentary..
prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united arab emirates was received at..
too has ditched , cm must admit
congress deserves these jibes from modi ji because your party ruined india for 6 decades. now you etongueect sympathy from bjp
marhaba namo modi in dubai of india
good relation between uae and india by respected pm modi ji
bangkok blast prime minister narendra modi condemns attack on hindu shrine i strongly condemn
modi in uae i think this is the biggest crowd in any of shri modiji s foreign visit. mini india here in dubai. marhaba modi.
after 60 years of freedom, india gets narendra modi.
modi rchd out2blue collar workers in gulf.their so called saviors like muslim league, cpm, congies etc all r afraid smiley na mo r
blast at hindu shrine in bangkok.....the timing clashes with modi s visit to uae ....so no prize for guessing who...
namo is a leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. modi in dubai
no worry ! this fellow proves his dna he is a half breed !!
modi ji discussing rape techniques with asaram to produce cunning people for development
i would like to request to pm narendra modi to solve mumbai local train issues.
sunil thakkar
mba student sikkim manipal univesity
please etonguelain why? cc modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament...
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took place...
modi s personality very well etonguelained plz modi in dubai
thnk god uses event word, marhaba namo 50k indians attend the mega event at dubai crick stadium modi in uae
great turnout for modi s speech. people are trying to get everything possible from their pm.. nothing else to etongueect
one indian cricket match brings more indian to ground than modi. dont fool the world something unique is happening.
hahaha! from making derisive remarks about modi, now they have been reduced to wetting pants when modi talks at 9pm!
there r days like these national herald when i dont quite like what modi is doing. then i rem people who oppose him.
i make my peace.
one world one family in uae pm mr. modi has c.history wid govt. king of dubai as allowing to m.temple in abu dhabi
skull cap obsessed seculars politicians in india got the shock of their life for the treatment modi received in uae,it
lolmax oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm right...no need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.
its very sad that whn pm hd said he wl implement senior exservice men amp exchiefs r piching army s pride aginst govt.
live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora gear up for modi s speech
oh come on all indian likes nation n tiranga how come u credit this to modi a c. gazabb ho,
sorry this is cheap
ghazi modi may visit isis for different reasons. collect his for supporting em by silence
more power to modi.....lets showcase india.......
b4 elections namo is popular on twitter but will it translate into votes?now namo is popular wherever he goes but we still hate him sec libs
al narendra bin damodar das modi really rocking in gulf. mabrook!!! na mo rocks in dubai
namo sometimes seems to be russia s former one, guess who? you may find the right answer.
looking forward to listen pm modi live from dubai at 9pm...india is also curious to listen him as dubai is waiting ...
after sachin incredible innings at sharjah we are going to see another history to be made today modi in dubai
up to his usual tricks, how can the selfie pm not indulge ?
exactly
pm modi got 75 billion dollar investment 4m dubai.
joint statement between the uae amp india
most gratifying sight head of states across gleefully posing for selfie with modi !
lol at least we dont have to deal with a semi literate dynastic delinquent. wow thats even a bit poetic.
see how indian ex army officers cursing nerender modi via
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odi and now 1 modi
modi in dubai modi in uae modi magic
narendra modi when to see a doctor 5 body pains you should never ignore we all etongueerience occasional aches a...
narendra modi coloring books for adults we asked therapists for their opinions this week, she went back and ...
always thought that indian citizens voted in the 2014 election. apparently they were all nris
memorandum to respected shri narendra modi ji prime minister india to do.
free t24
wating for speech
modi jindabad in a mosque. indian secularists must be beating their chests in shame. secular traitors.
male victims of dowry law in dubai at modi meet
3novicestonguerime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the
don t want to hear modi in dubai...want to hear modi on orop
modi building temple in abu dhabi
sheikh doing aarti of hindu gods
hope sun rises in east tomorrow morning
he don t mean any way to india ! discarded congress pocket handkerchief to clean amp through to dustbin...shame a sen.
it is time for pm to give up his bihar obsession and honour the promise of his predecessor on special status to ap
modi ji has captivated the imagination to its hilt, where ever he goes, crowd seems to be swooning....wow
from gandhi to modi, khadi has come a long way from being a weapon of non violence nisha narayanan
hello !
check your algorithm !
as our is not a criminal
search top10 criminals of world
so many indian gathering to meet pm sends clear msg 2 world dat how rich is india in human resource modi in dubai s
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai 10 developments best search engines
y only in saudi. let modi ask for land allotted for hindu temple in , which has a huge church complex !!!
after showcasing so much boring classical performance these organizers will undo whatever modi has achieved in uae . modi i
with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list best search engines
so it s prime time tv audience in when indian pm mr modi speaks in ! lovely performance on stage in
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai at 9.30 pm 10 developments best search engines
how i wish media ignores namo mosque muslims issues amp let everybody live in peace. they r d ones igniting religious issues.
why i feel that its incorrect to perceive modi s grand mosque as a conciliatory gesture
modi ji... come to india, we are indian don t forget, 125crore citizens of peoples waiting for you and your promises
pm modi at abu dhabi s grand mosque is not some grand gesture to muslims firstpost
narender modi ji, i face many difficulties and modi ji, i am god.
i liked a video pm modi speech at masdar investors meet india has 1 trillion investment potential
what s the point of mr.modi taking a dig at congress in foreign soil, he is representing a nation not a party
i have sent a book to you named vishav shitiz par ubgarta sitara narendra damodar das modi.
dandiya on the sands of dubai. modi takes gujarat alongwith him to each place he goes.
modi fans, i have good amp bad news
good news modji will be in london in nov,will address indians in wembly stadium
bad tickets are sold out!
burnol moment for all modi haters modi in dubai
just another ? .. just keep counting thousands and thousand are cheering out his name modi in dubai
this is for the ones who said nobody knows mr modi outside gujarat !!my friends waited for 1hr in 42deg,what say?
sounds disoriented with the hatred. just can t accept the fact that modi is pm and here to stay
modi in dubai if cambridge returned secular congress pm manmohan singh was not invited by shiekhs why blame modi ?
ur tweet says it all. u morni fucktard at least learn to address ur pm correctly.
na mo rocks in dubai it has started modi modi in dubai cricket stadium
nice one sir good analysis .....why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world via
now ed case closed they say. writes to , blames ed chief of scuttling probe in national herald case
here is another lie of modi sarkar etongueosed!
too good
pm modi in uae uae supports india s bid for permanent unsc seat latest news amp updates at...
u.gonna miss modi.speech
i am proud of my pm........................
after modi s visit, uae allotes land for first hindu temple
here one more modi hater and sonia gandhi groupie.
according to shekhar gupta, bangladesh and the middle eastern countries that modi visited previously...
joint statement between united arab emirates and the republic of india
nris will get voting rights soon. so now cry even more
uae govt allots land for temple in abu dhabi, pm modi terms it landmark decision
once congress was telling modi knows only gujarat people outside gujarat nobody knows about modi,
crowd of almost 50000 to hear modi ji....moment of proud feeling..countdown begins...
aunty this is 4 u
50,000 indians to hear pm modi at marhaba namo event in dubai all roads in dubai would be leading to the du...
man of dynamic intelligence modi. it is start of new era.
past 10 yrs india has developed a lot. in the nxt 10 yrs it will still develop, with or w o modi.
now surya namaskar is played in marhaba
i m amazed, excited, inspired by namo in dubai. their love for their country amp their leader seems intoxicating!
nothing beats namo ...heartening to see how much the diaspora love him .... a real modern leader ...
hats off
modi handshake leaves workers speechless.
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united arab emirates was received at...
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united arab e...
muslims are chanting modi modi in dubai, they did same in china too. as i always say indian muslims are my pride namo in dubai modi in dubai
did only chef flown in or along with him a contigent ? will b interesting to know ,
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modi nahyan talks, uae to back ... the indian etongueress
shouldn t these folks delete their old tweets? laughing
such 5 star analysts!
both sides looking 2 call off d talks searching excuses. modi wants to hold talked dats y afraid 2 condemn pak attacks
yongia lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit
self drive car me selfie modi .
modi has mps. he is hoping that nris impart some love for india to haters in media.
poor people don t they know that back home modi has no time for the ex soldiers of the country. shame on modi bjp
when bae thinks she cracked a joke but forgots to add laughter track to it..
nbanews modi uae selfie, prime minister narendra modi continued his selfie diplomacy as he visited the sheikh zayed grand mosque, the
debating tonight on prime minister modi s 34 year reminder. why is congress angry? modi in uae
nbanews lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit modi and a red corner notice may soon be issued
cong attacks modi on his legacy remarks in uae new delhi, aug 17 congress today attac... via
malik mithoo lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite
nbanews modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since narendra modi famously declined to
modi must be wishing that nris could become mps and represent india in parliament... hahaha. i also wanted so.
in a country that stifles religious amp political etongueression, quite something to see modi effect in uae. good on uae.
hope love wins someday after mangalore stops assaulting women 2009 who dared to go clubbing and suspend bbm girls
modi meets uae pm, talks about trade and investment modiin uae
they have not come to watch a cricket match but to listen to indian pm.
and they said modi is a regional leader...
now that has reached his wit s ends to malign modi with fabricated crap, he retweets bs extraordinarie.
namo live indian ambassador hosts pm narendra modi at a community reception in dubai zee news zee newsliv...
namo pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok the indian etongueress the indian etongueressp...
the original
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi. marhaba namo na mo rocks in dubai
aaptards congis getting rattled by modi ji s visit to uae. reason? corrupt dna
let sonia n upa come to say modi ji we support you in stopping talks with pakistan. 1 1 s
ete oilseed output at five year low poses challenge for pm narendra modi recent jumps in edible oil imports s...
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb via .orangenews9.com
lolollol eat , you
modi in the gelff! tongue
you are always mistaken mr. desai
n she is such a dumb 2not 2 learn tht with whole nris becoming mps will make modi 2 rule the world
hope u dnt melt watching there will b many many many such events.hope u last lol
modi in dubai over 50,000 people await pm s arrival at cricket stadium live
modi in dubai watch modi magic now in dubai.. he represents the 21st century s india
hahaha! from making derisive remarks about modi, now they have been reduced to wetting pants when modi talks at 9pm! s
no need
all on 1 side.. still namo also is heavy
u worry abt ur daal roti
kejriwal must be wishing ... sorry he already completed his wish amp you became the member of some college committee
logicskepticalonia w never nvr allow any bill to be passed in ls,rs. but modi is arrogant.he shld take congress along.and deliver.
any wld love 2 go to hear his pm out, if he rchd out. no one tried earlier ! modi did.tht he is popular is anthr thing ! modi in dubai
pm modi condemns bomb blast in bangkok new delhi, aug 17 prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the ...
watching namo live
modi in dubai please amp watch narendra modi at dubai stadium live now, hd streaming
i would love to see modi dance on chal beta selfie le le re
the hatred of adarsh liberals for modi is actually hatred in disguise for hindus.
from pti mines ministry to notify guidelines after consultations with pm modi
nothing more to etongueect from a muslim modi hater.
satellite view of india on festival of diwali modi in dubai
in a country that stifles religious amp political etongueression, quite something to see modi effect in uae. good on uae. ht
modi ji you are also indian .....
desh watching af ls huge defeat amp crying barking 247 to disturb malign pm modi to survive w media modihaters
narendra modi recognition of professional social workers sign the petition! via
...few people fail to see light they carry n spread darkness n try 2 open the eyes at sun shine fail to see anything modi sun is rising
frankly speaking.... it is modi all the way in bihar pa 6 the analysis of voting patterns...
su
till ghazi modi gets his from iran, silence on isis
modiji s grand successful saudi arabia s tour..!!!
nice one sir good analysis ..... why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world via
pm greets the malayali community at the start of chingam
wow welcoming of ji in kerala traditional styel at uae
the joint statement on handling terrorism by india uae is appreciating.namo is mastermind.he will definitely do it .
modi modi...which pm commands this kind of euphoria in a foreign country. modi in dubai
gujarati favours kem chho like modi to adani. today i saw ravi shanker pd. to give some light on gs
frankly speaking.... it is modi all the way in bihar pa 6 the analy...
feeling proud......must watch
namaste modi sir
i am bittu kumar from bihar distt ara.i am selected in indian air force.my joining letter had come to me
it seems you will become irrelevant for any news channel you go if modi starts supporting muslim nations
weak modi with weak foreign policy viz a viz pak. almost begging pak to hold nsa meeting
watch live namo in dubai
unfortunately our presstitutes and tv media dont want to project the reality.. they are only busy getting the trps
is it a case of nero fiddles while indians boils ?
debating tonight on thenewshour prime minister modi s 34 year reminder. why is congress angry? modi in uae
. pm modi killed above three thousand muslims,destroyed so many masjid in gujarat riots 2002 . but he enter in uae masjid
foot in mouth?
full text of former service chiefs letter to pm on oropformer armymen have written to prime minister narendra modi on one rank on.. ndtv
not surprised to see such enthusiasm in uae for modi. for nris in these countries, its a great chance to finally show off to the locals
modi ji we are eagerly waiting for at dubai cricket stadium....
you yourself is a big modi bhakt!!
modi to address 50k indians at dubai stadium. the trend continues!
need to this.. gr8 video of modi
that s popularity of our prime minister modi in dubai marhaba namo
at uae banquet, modi looks for falafel but is served routine gujarati fare.
smiley poor thing. and did he get seetafel for dessert?
sultan, this modi is not a dignified leader, uae must not felicitate him.modi organised state sponsored violen
so the dubai international stadium has till date hosted 17 odi amp now hosted the first modi! marhaba namo modi in uae
how about relocation tongue
...darkness of opposition be the darkest but when modi sun rise, you fail to stop the spread the light...
lmfaooooooo
b4 elections namo is popular on twitter but will it translate into votes?now namo is popular wherever he goes but we still ha
inside dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai
nothing cn beat d resonance of vande mataram on arab land!
only can make this happen!
marhaba namo modi in dubai
good analysis.bjp nd its allies shld b able 2 get significant no of seats.modi is a good cm candidate
sanjobaba lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite
goduhind lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite lalit
saima mirza lalit modi red corner lalit modi red corner, the centre today said it was taking steps to extradite
see the genuine delight amp respect for india in the language of this guy. incredible. awesome. thank you.
goduhind modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever
kids think namo is an cartoon character modi in dubai
namo s prayer in the grand mosque saved the indians from the blast are you happy now lol
pm modi on two day uae visit from tomorrow prime minister...
which channel for best coverage of modi event?
hold on modi ji xtra emotion coz baba 2 sing dat song
is desperate for saving from ..beware desperate people may take desperate final solution in desperation,
sources tell me that had gone to dubai to make ve air about namo s visit. namo in dubai modi in dubai
some
pakistanis may actually sleep better if modi could make ksa, kuwait amp qatar sign the extremist funding clause too
yeah! its unfortunate modi is not emulating aaptards like faking certificates, injuries, harassing women etc.
this is from one of bjp and pm modi s strongest supporters on twitter!
modiin uae congress can not digest the fact that they forgot to enhance the relationship with uae but modi could do.
you don t need parliament to etongueel exam scams, mr vyapam scam smriti irani
a lot of countries do have to bend over backwards to welcome and accommodate our namo. not that it is a bad thing. 1 2
modi in dubai over 50,000 people await pm s arrival at cricket stadium live ht
read many jokes on modi in the morning. after the release of dubai stadium pics, there is a dead silence on the timelines of those handles.
uae in its history has first time allowed a politician frm other country to deliver speech. this is effect. modi in u
wait for the moment when pm modi going to visit israel,
muslims starting to worry about s hindu extremism.
modi modi...which pm commands this kind of euphoria in a foreign country. the peoples pm modi in dubai
best is to livestream on narendramodi.in
the cynic said, one man cant do anything. namo proved only one man can do anything.. marhaba namo modi in dubai
congratulations and very thankful to uae govt to care modi ji. modi in uae, namo in uae indiaand uae
...candle sellers are frightened, modi sun is rising...shining 24 hours...
the enforcement direc
gt lt this ass hole has got the support of namo, otherwise could have been kicked much before.
bc mc bc pagal hi ho yaar
namo is rockstar pm.
pm narendra modi etongueected to address over 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium at around 9smiley0 tonight
attempt to manufacture outrage against modi why army fallin in2 trap wont succeed ppl trust modi period
nris and ris mostly are very optimistic about modi and his governance. therefore, rnis resident non indians are feeling jittery.
not surprised to see such enthusiasm in uae for modi. for nris in these countries, its a great chance to finally show off t
debashis basu public sector banks mr modi s nightmare?
mood in india changes as modis shine fades
the military ignores obama s order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo via
modi freek in shit u appose nt to give azan in india nd u request from saudi muslims for temple. u beggar uneducated rapist
good point!
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modis visit...
after pm modis visit, uae to allot land for building a temple in abu dhabi for the indian community
v
read many jokes on modi in the morning. after the release of dubai stadium pics, there is a dead silence on the timelines of
to see our india s great pm
any child in india would love to shake hands with the pm, if he reached out. few before modi did. last one certainly didn t. republic day
follow him, critique him, write him off from varanasi to dubai..ttz bread amp butter of a parasite
true story reporter on news nation asks a kid why she came to listen modi, girl replies mujhe modi ji ke jokes bahot pasand hai .
rocks in dubai
the world will chant namo namo ..as dubai is chanting now. na mo rocks in dubai
grain of salt blames the sea for saltyness. that s our ganja ex banker, now master of everything
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modi s visit
sure!! who has?raga?
mt hs no clue wat india s issues are or how fix them manoj joshi
gujrat and punjab doing what they are best at.. entertaining the crowd modi in dubai namo in dubai
this will happen if doesn t happen now under modi then i doubt congress cares. they didn t do this when in power.
haha... thats the happy ending...
dictator modi making kids hold placards . modi in uae
this is charismatic character of namo vande mataram
i m sure kings of uae would jealous of modi s popularity..
nris and ris mostly are very optimistic about modi and his governance. therefore, rnis resident non indians are feelin
sir, .... r u seriously believe in remote amp puppets then wht abt mata sonia.
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery of the injured modi
damn hindus wearing skull caps at modi event lol
is this bhakt insinuating that consciously chose not to visit mosques in india?
latest pm narendra modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb economic times mo...
modi in dubai seeing the way sm respond to this modi stupidity..i m sure india will be 3rd wrld country for many years to come
from 28 lac to 60 lac and majority of keralite suddenly becomes minority to biharis. what do u etongueect in
is lalit modi helping sahara chief subrata roy get out of jail? former indian premier league ipl commissioner
mr. narendra modi is a classical example of communication genius.
if you will have constipation you will blame that too to modi
congress is angry just because they cant digest the popularity and the achievements of modi as non pm had popularity
amp lutyens liberals all thru wishing poor remain poor that elections be won on freebies amp seculars can loot
on india biz india, u.a.e. plan 75 billion fund as modi seeks investments get leads gt
clear doubts on naga integration chief minister tarun gogoi on monday questioned narendra modi s position on ...
cong attacks modi on his legacy remarks in uae
modi visits mosque in uae,move to pacify indian muslims,he could not dare it in india due rss outrage
dr mms had visited saudi arabia as finance minister in 1994 modi holds no candle for india
modi in kannada is charm. with his charm offensive modiji is conquering the world.
namo in dubai the capital of bollywooders pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
the meeting between the nsa of india amp pak is bound to focus on all aspects of terrorism.
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modi nahyan talks, uae to back ...
i m sure has fans in mars and pluto too !
waiting for modi in mars to trend soon !
marhabba namo in dubai narendra modi watching ddnewslive
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok free submission
dont know what modi achive today or what not.. but congratulation 2 you..for completing milestone of 100k followers, badhaai.
with 33 cabinet xii pass or lower amp 27 criminal chrgd what you etongueect miracles? its bjp in modi land amp india
..state which gives max no of buruecrats n soldiers ..still remains backward get modi at bihar n see d difference
pm modi meets uae pm, discusses trade, investment free submission
it s strange that we get to here modi modi from abhudhabhi mosque instead of alla hu akbar !! seculars must be disappointed by this!
anyway its being critical ,etongueectations r high namo needs to prioritize it as
its not the power of modi duffer , it is a courtesy of islamic country
indian etongueorts dropped 10 last month indian rupee at lowest value of last 3 years modi taking selfies ht
extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm modi s image ex ongc chief rs sharma
modi gandagi mat karon !
bhakts never visited the toilet since then.
naveen patnaik odisha cm says
modi has no influence outside gujarat !
rahul gandhi has no great future !
now i shud
traditional dances of all regions stage..
marhaba namo rocks
pm modi loses his mental balance when he goes abroad says congress the congress on sunday accused prime minis...
and crowd for modi is more than ods
pm modi condemns bangkok blast prime minister narendra modi on monday condemned the blast in bangkok and exte...
has pakistan taken this message? coz it didn t take from peshawar massacre
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai at 9.30 pm 10 developments via
allotment for temple land in abu dabi by uae govt. is namo s landmark achievement. congratulations .
the stage performance is far better than the other venues of modi s extravaganza show.
modi modi...which pm commands this kind of euphoria in a foreign country. the peoples pm modi in dubai modi magic
now it is getting serious can someone tell me how many nris r there?modi is targeting voters, may allow nri voting modi in dubai
it s funny to see people who gave 60 years of india to the gandhi family are trending narendra modi as just after a yr .
bjp sources say pm modi likely to announce a special package for bihar tomorrow
dr sreeram sundar chaulia dean jsia, will be analysing the regional impact of prime minister narendra modis visit...
getting 50,000 people for a meeting in india without a quarter and packet of biryani is a daunting task. modi achieves it with ease overseas
gr8 namo jai ho indian leaders r conceited, for vote how much they stoop down no limit
i always believed that kejriwal is a step ahead of modi. modi had a suit with his name written on it, kejriwal has who
the inside scoop here s what was on the menu when sanjeev kapoor curated a dinner for pm modi in the uae
is this is the respect modi sahab has for jawans?
modi g is the most famous and powerful person of the world and india. thanks to rss his good think and ambition.
don t worry if u lose the journo job .. you can make a good joker
aap volunteers has the power to form probably most stable govt 67 3 wait corrupt politicians abhi toh sheela haari hai ab modi ki baari hai
in the stadium there are 1000 people per inch of modi s 56 inches. this man s charisma is 2nd to none. modi in dubai
are you attending modi s event?
dawood dossier india hands over dawood dossier. pm modi talks trade, hunts dawood. india seeks lockdown on d assets.
modi couldnt visit a mosque in india but did so in uae..indians will look lick anyones shit for money
isbpl prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight cond...
waiting 4 modi s speech!! modi in dubai
far from it, you should love and appreciate raga for all the good he does to namo!
china bastard you killed our people. dont you see india?
pakistan oops we thought modi visited bangkok.
it just didn t end there. reporter goes to that kid s mom, and she says meri beti modi ji ke saare cartoons dekhti hai . wtf moment!
no comments from hm and modi why.shameless and less patriot we got
chalta hai ko chalta karo i dont hav problem with modi on foreign tour the problem is live coverage of boring etongueat cultural programs each time
narendra modi is a peoples leader ! therefore the people will respect and admire him !
it s going to be a long night for you kaka, if modi lasts long..... while speaking tongue
prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took place outside a hindu temple in thai c...
i have a feeling that just as modi had hired many people to do propaganda for him on social media, kejriwal has done the same.
spectacular convoy ferrying namo just left oberoi for sports city stadium
pm modi assures that the benefits of economic growth will reach to the last person of society
plenty of skull caps on show hope rajdeep will approve wink
now it is getting serious can someone tell me how many nris r there?modi is targeting voters, may allow nri voting
see ! watch ! listen !! these are all the half breeds that ruled india all these years !!
if people like you start voting for pm modi and bjp, then no need for nri to become mp. you will be his mp.
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb b...
ch tweeted maha ch retweeted
cultural shows with colorful turbans attire modi looks more ready for bollywood rather than a statesman
his insurance company refused to extend his cover to attend another modi event.
broadcast commences pm modi can arrive at the venue at any moment from now watch live namoin dubai
surprisingly all the critics seems to be in favor of the and all of sudden. waah ji
...human heart is painful for treatment with congress people in up but mind says they deserve...they should appreciate the modi of 2015...
riveting
it s nt india pakistan final,its modi in dubai,jampacked stadium ,high energy level and endless hope!!!
favorite tweet
narendra modi seeks 1 trillion in investments from uae
livemint august 17, 2015
last hope... bjp sources say pm modi likely to announce a special package for bihar tomorrow
jai ho...modi ji, india loves you, anywhere in da world, but one party is always dere on fault finding mission.
cogress amp sonia is in a panic. modi is running away with the glory. rahul is sulking. mamma how to stop modi before it is zeroooooooooo
pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united arab emir...
modi in dubai dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
modi in dubai was waiting for whole day to watch this crowd cheering , chantin modi modi ...wow watch live at
why they put abhishek bacchhn and sanjay dutt s portrait on wall? to impress ?
ranveer sena killed 58 dalits. sushil modi, cp thakur scuttled probe. wonder how paswan amp manjhi plan to share stage wit
more than cricket. modi in dubai
modi is a rock star,
fiberals are jal kar raak stars..
spls for namo in dubai marhaba namo
modi ministry message to pakistan? india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modis visit
can a pm lie on a foreign land!
prior to modi none pm of india have lied in a foreign country.
politics ??????????
in awe of the respect modi is getting in the uae. well done india!
modi sir is youth icon
love him a lot
namo namo
modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since nar...
modi ruining career of teenagers .... my 10th std daughter last 2 hours not moving away from tv namo in dubai
youth icon namo
y r dey wat modi said ws nt wrong in fact it is true so wats d fuss about by d cong may b dey dont gt enough atention
the modi effect
uae decides to allot land for building temple in abu dabi
wah wah
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation
live on india s pm narendra modi in uae live
the number of skull caps in a modi event is directly proportional to the percentage increase in burnol tubes. modi in dubai
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium, shortly. modi in uae
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to facilitate regula...
getting 50,000 people for a meeting in india without a quarter and packet of biryani is a daunting task. modi achieves it
welcome to uae....prime minister of india.mr.norendro modi.
ok, fine. i believe in harvey dent..
i m immensely happy to say that there is a warmth welcome of our great pm mr.modi in a land of uae such a unruly crowd .jai hind jai bharat
tivra123 draksbond na mo rocks in dubai this is the modi magic. aaptards enough of burnol now u guys apply zhand
this namo uae visit is so overwhelming a deserved slap on the face of pseudo secularists
thousands turn up for modi s address at dubai cricket stadium. get live updates here
vice president presents gujar mal modi award to mustansir barma
with 33 cabinet xii pass or lower amp 27 criminal chrgd what you etongueect miracles? its bjp in m
babur constructed mosque in india.
modi will construct tempal in uae.
modi is babur of today.
if muslim donated land after getting permission from govt. you don t try to lie when modi caught
cultural shows with colorful turbans attire modi looks more ready for bollywood rather tha
modi modi in dubai. power of common man leader. symbol of powerful india. modi in dubai
we have just enough religion 2 make us hate,but not enough 2 make us love 1 another. visits mosque in uae,hindu s unhappy? .
this is not this is .crowd of over 50000 here just 2 hear speak
live now gt pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium via
clearly, he s one helluva guy. you need guts to do that
cc orop may come sooner or after 2 years, but an outreach to the veterans is due
master age leader. youth icon seasoned statesman. marhaba namo modi in dubai namo in dubai
pm modi addressing to presedent obama barak ...
i proud of my india amp i proud of modi ji
pm modi has last word in this govt ,but go get it all are waiting,because world tour still lasts ? last word lost in lust of world ha! ha!
in the buildup to 2014 ls elections..congresstards called modi a regional leader..the crows on their dinner plates keep coming modi in dubai
just saw modi hailed as youth icon.
rahul, you have some competition in the 45 65 category.
modi is visiting nations that he considers important in his agenda of make in india . modi in uae
a visual treat of indian heritage can be seen in dubai cricket stadium just before s speech .... modiin dubai
when most msm is extn of pol parties, stands way taller than other journalists coz of such pieces!
pm modi to address a 50,000 strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in 30 minutes. live updates
crowd chanting modi modi modi
namoin dubai
in other news shortage of in india !
pm modi condemns twin bomb blasts in bangkok outside lord brahma temple ache din
modi s entry in dubai addressing all indians is just like a superstar type
modi, a devout hindu, being received in a prominent uae mosque by the country s top leaders speaks volume. modi was wearing a saffron scarf.
live modiin uae watch indian diaspora recreate madison square like event for modi speech
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi via
u r bashing modi u had to. why r ur chaddi becoming peeli??? u r a terrorist supporter.
so many muslims chearing modi modi.. if u need burnol let s know.
such a proud moment for our country in uae. no country has ever done this. no prime minister has!
marhaba namo modi in dubai ht
blast near hindu temple ..and u etongueect modi should not condemn it ... y dont u declare urself as anti hindu ...
rvaidya2000 40k capacity of stadium 70 k registered sure authorities will take care of ordersmiley na mo in
ggiittiikkaa original muslims have no issue with modi s selfie in mosque they re visibly happy in escorting
namo s courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position. a leader of the people for the people marhaba namo modi in dubai
if sonia gandhi were to visit a temple in pittsburgh would the bhakts be conciliated ?
the megalomania at display in the intro video of in dubai is embarrassing. market mover, youth icon, seasoned statesman? wtf.
in a short while from now modi to address indian diaspora at the dubai cricket stadium
despite huge malayalee diaspora in uae no malayalam channel covering the namo event at dubai as yet. still telecasting brothel politics.sad
ndtv pm modi to address a 50,000 strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in 30 minutes. li
times now debating tonight on thenewshour prime minister modi s 34 year reminder. why is congress angry? modi in uae
for , uae has become muslim world just because pm modi is there for a trip.
eagerly awaiting for dear na mo namo in dubai
vote jkt48id ra bies i m sure those mocking modi eating gujarati food eat snakes and lizards when they visit china
congis and modi haters
an arab habibi with a pooja ki thaali. even muslims outside india are not safe under modi s rule. smh.
over 50k people await for mr.modi at dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai
slow claps for sickulars calling
such a huge crowd in dubai cricket stadium, can t say modi is giving speech or sachin tendulkar is batting.
salaam plz support secular powers but plz not modi
modi, a devout hindu, being received in a prominent uae mosque by the country s top leaders speaks volumes.
my dear morons congis r u ready ? another mega show of real leader modi son modi in dubai
modi in uae amol from usa namo is representing india not bjp
this year so far, modi has made 15 foreign visits. obama made 7. xi made 6. modi must have a terrific team to take care o
ready with popcorn
seems sometime media overwhelming modi and his tour
live watch narendra modis speech in dubai via
pm narendra modi congratulates ace shuttler saina nehwal india today
the number of skull caps in a modi event is directly proportional to the percentage increase in sale and use of burnol tubes. modi in dubai
all this happened live on tv and it ended with anchor sheepishly smiling and saying kitna utsaah hai logon mein
extension denial to sail, ntpc heads denting pm narendra modi s image ex ongc chief rs sharma the...
watch live s pm narendra address crowds at s international cricket stadium
congi morons shud listen modi carefully. modi said why have we lost gawaadiya 34 yrs? which is correct statement n nothing wrong in it.
what s this? a mass murderer modi being cheered by muslims! clearly they were cajoled n threatened tweet like adarsh liberal
after hosting 17 odis dubai cricket stadium hosts modi. modi in dubai
shet strike 2 ive never been good w birthdates whyy huhuhuhu plus finals wk namo mommyyy sorryyyy
modi modi is everywhere. namo modi in dubai
and the chant starts modi modi. dr br shetty was nervous modi in dubai namo in dubai
prime minister narendra modi on his way, audience asked to take their seats. namo in dubai
a small girl 5 6yr old girl child at dubai has come to see namo at dubai cricket stadium where pm is to address...
guyz watching on namo in dubai .......jai hind..
we should have more ties with arab world. there is nothing great about pm modi s visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque
the grand show for indians by mr. modi strongbond
reveal the receipt of tailor who made thousands of islamic topi for modi show.
nabeelaliraza19 baderalkaabi hhshkmohd salaam plz support secular powers but plz not modi
best men the narender modi
curryman modi, a devout hindu, being received in a prominent uae mosque by the country s top leaders speaks volumes.
false victims present world over.voice raised in dubai
alhamdulilah we are safe, brother muslim donated land in july2013 but credit chor modi trying to get credit of it
he has no idea. cross border firing, ghastly etongueoses of his party.. serenely spouting script. delhi to dubai
parental pressure. right there.
bjp s youtube
it took an indian pm 34 years to reach uae. i promise this will not happen in the futuretonguem narendra modi modi in uae
i hope modi won t attack on congress or raise any domestic issue in this unlike past which has a bit of dampening effect.
the number of skull caps in a modi event is directly proportional to the percentage increase in sale and use of burnol tu
prime minister modis first day in the uae in pictures via
congratulations sir, appreciating effort of capture the event welcome namo
uae wouldn t have given a tiny rats ass if owaisi had visited, but when a hindu nationalist modi visits he is greeted by
21st century will be remembered for 2 things.
sachin..sachin..sachin
modi...modi..modi na mo rocks in dubai
uae allots land for temple on visit
narendra modi s uae visit pm to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium today
modi is gay and that s not a secret
time the famous welcome shows the love of people for you modi sir.....
feels great to enjoy religious program
looks like namo will be on stage earlier than etongueected.
social media strategy of inc 1 criticise modi gvt. without reason only barking amp 2 paibos of gandhi family petism
the best live
modi in dubai is here
please amp watch narendra modi at dubai stadium live now, hd streaming
if modi does something ve, thats political mind . if not, he s useless. per you, modi just cant win, can he?
modi sir pls also condemn the ceasefire violation of pak which 6 civilians amp jawans lost their lives modi sir u must speak
in is such an encouraging sight. indian diaspora to be addressed by the for the first time!
it s a houseful ! dubai cricket stadium resounding with modi modi....incredible atmosphere. namo in dubai na mo in uae
hv a look at these traitors...biggest news of the moment fr while khaleejtimes is going ga ga ovr modi
true but c d crowd just 2 heat of unbelievable
first video of the day. fans chanting modi modi at event in dubai. namo rocks in dubai
all foreign dignitaries go to the same mosque as pm modi has, its a way to pay homage in uae
who the hell r you to decide what are pm wants or think ? ..stick with your limits ..aukatless women
news narendra modi s speech 2015. click here to read more
hope narendra modi condemns attack on hindu shrine in bangkok.
nice one
modi , modi, modi, modi , vandemataram and bharat mataki jai chants all over the cricket stadium na mo rocks in dubai smiley
was waiting for this eagerly thanks
namo rocks in dubai
no photoshop this is .. rocks marhaba namo modi in dubai
great article by . loved it but for the tittle. how can we say he ignored the muslim world till now?
why is there so much buzz about modi visiting kerala?
modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in 34 years. can congress deny the fact? tweet your views live on modi in uae
youth icon... seasoned statesman... market mover... marhaba namo. namo in dubai
modi in uae taking selfie in mosque.
modi ji would have visited babri mosque also in india, if rss not demolished it.
being a modi supporter i rt some posts.. not for this dirty abusiv
facepalm for the congress coolies trending as modi rocks in dubai...
i respect n support modi jibut u guys r using abusive language w
cos congress is like that distant relative who shows up in wedding uninvited n complains abt lack of salt in halwa
mam i stayed in gulf for 2 yrs and you won t believe they change our perception of muslim countries. so courteous.
honestly i prefer the term aaptards more than being modi fied !!
did u not go to see modi wink
vidyut ... symbol of peace, piety, harmony and inclusiveness that are inherent to the faith of islam... modi
great to see such large crowd of indians assembled to hear the pm modi.bharat mata ki jai
pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok the indian etongueress
mr modi must come clean on bose. nehru requested britain to ask ally russia to murder subhash. its time to stop protecting the killers
after hosting 17 odis dubai cricket stadium to host modi. modi in dubai
chandrusweb this is from one of bjp and pm modi s strongest supporters on twitter!
modi stays there for a few more days...and they will start wearing saffron skull caps.. modi in dubai
respected modi ji this is really great!!! but what about babar masjid and indian muslim level???every where nation fight!!!
today is history made by indian prime minister bcz at 9smiley0 pm modi live in dubai cricket ground
watch dis
pm modi accused anti nationalist ngos, of harbouring anti national agenda! but no media highlight. news traders
congress, arnab and channel trio trying to gain lost ground.
indian pm modi lauds decision to provide land for temple during landmark two day visit touae
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modi nahyan talks, uae to back ... the indian etongueress...
modi is the only pm who has gone to uae and congress is till crying bcoz they couldn t... modi in uae
how can you promise when you won t be around after 5 years??
sir ji people s have great etongueectation from you.
india uae
breaking news photos when dubai waited for modi magic
basta ako i m just doing my thing, and just being myself. i ain t hurting or stepping on someone so bahala namo unsa inyong mahuna2
another gift for nation to invest 1.3 trillion
modi stand for m mission o organised d development i for india mission organised and development 4 india namo rocks in dubai
its very sad that whn pm hd said he wl implement senior exservice men amp exchiefs r piching army s
in uae . realy a great moment for india .
live modiin uae watch crowds chant modi, modi as they await his speech
20 lakh people gave up lpg subsidy. rs 280 subsidy per cylinder per month, amount comes to 660 cr yearly. modi said 15
modi d having d time of his life at d tax payers etongueense.. wat a loser
ask 1 girl in dubai why r u here?she said i am using to watch modi kartoon,now i want to see real kartoon of
that s my friend braving the heat at 42 degrees waiting for namo. namo in dubai wow!
mr modi has simply outlined how things are changing for the better since he took over. modi in uae
first post. then think.
modi sir hope u reach d msg that today sonia amp rahul gets clean chit by ed in national herald case modi sir let s cm clr 2 ppl
modi is no doubt the biggest celebrity in world as of now.. even obama or any rockstar currently no match!
major traffic jam on al khail road. all going to see in
regardless of invitation nawaz sharif should go to uae immediately to create our presence.must go to all those places where
today modi visit to dubai and its grand mosque is an outreach to indian muslims with an eye on bihar elections. what a joke !!
your tweet plagrised!!!
what is said reaches global audience next moment. cong criticism also goes global,why blame modi his comment on cong
no need to show what he says 65 of india work in inhuman conditions in gulf hope modi refers to it
even the ex servicemen have hope only from modi on orop and they know only he can fulfill it. they never had any hope from cong. trust modi!
shame on indians, congress and media for taking modi s speech in the wrong sense. all his speeches are so damn true! modi in uae
hey morons if namo wants 2 win elections in bihar why should he go 2 mosque in dubai .he can go in india n gain more votes namo rocks in dubai
bjp should boycott stupid noise hour
let s monkeys fight with each other
congress has become mentally bankrupt amp always envy the visit of modi to overseas centres.
modi can t travel long by keeping feets in two boats, wait,watch!
lol seems like modi is the only pm who was fond of travelling tongue
there was nehru who used to address indians in english language and then there is modi who speaks hindi abroad !!
any wld love 2 go to hear his pm out, if he rchd out. no one tried earlier ! modi did.tht he is popular is anthr thing !
international hypocrisy of pm modi, he should have visited indian mosques amp tweeted about loc as he did about bangkok.
we must proud to be an indian and the man who made us proud is the narendra modi..
just in pm modi ji will reach in 15 mins from now na mo in dubai
modi uae visit modi uae visit, stop the presses. narendra modi has visited a mosque in abu dhabi. ever since ...
first aplimb should ensure they behave and think as indians in the indian moques. then modi ji will come
he is just irritated that he won t get this kind of importance, ever and anywhere, in his life.
hey morons if namo wants 2 win elections in bihar why should he go 2 mosque in dubai .he can go in india n gain more votes
big support for modi ji also big no of indian muslim present cheering . failed state
what a best day when modi shows general cast people of india in dubai
namo connects with leaders worldwide bringing in opportunities for everyone of us
modi will lick anyones ass for money
if he modi has such a great agenda, he has to deliver tom vadakkan, congress modi in uae
55000 ppl gathered 2 hear modi ji.
amazing !!!
watch narendra modi live....electrifying atmosphere....such amazing display of our diverse culture.proud.
instead of waring muslim cap in india why modi is tripping in muslimic nations?
these sanghis mocked pratibha patil heavily fr her world tours..
why r they chest thumping on stupid modi s useless world tours
except adarsh liberals amp congis all citizens in each corner of world, praying to b blessed with a leader like namo
news alert pm modi to address a 50,000 strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in 30 minutes.
when the congress cries it feels that now the congress needs a burnol bcoz progress is being done by modi modi in uae
modi in uae congress crying foul about mr.modi s remark about pm of india not visiting uae for 34 years. what is wrong in it.
indian pms historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which translates in2 welcome namo
waiting for the speech of narendra damodardad modi at uae on tv screen.
what about congress writing to obama about modi. what was that. what are they complaining about uae comment
modi at dubai is available live at please retweet for all
why are jokers in cong getting upset about this? it includes abv also...
congress as acidity! hail modi modi in uae
tht shameless modi may go on antartica tour...
yes, it s a baseless propaganda, but havent seen bjp s response on this and that what gives credence to aapcon thugs
thanks for the dowry law protest pic. quite unlike indian .
whisper back habibi , ran from in 90 s, how would i know, ask amp !
fact modi has 12 million followers on twitter
india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms in modi nahyan talks, uae to back indias unsc bid
modi in uae will now say that modi went to uae only after tharoor tweeted why no muslim country?
india reformed years ago now under modi its getting ethically morally etc deformed courtesy rss bigots modi bhakts
how many temples has visited, how many times has he sported tilak
it s funny to see people who gave 60 years of india to the gandhi family are trending narendra modi as just after
cong has made it a habit to criticise all acts of modi .is it frustration of cong that modi is gaining coinage everywhere . modi in uae
some people want modi to succeed, i am sure he will lead india to success.
coffins of bodies of jawans of this country? rpn singh, congress via modi aur garima ? kya mazaq hai ?
our pm in a picture. precisely. na mo
shall namo lie that he inherited power with rose bed amp bullish robust economy. shame on upa.
modi pays hugesum 2 cme
else nochnce tht ppl comejst 2 hearhim
nd ys ppl in topi r nt realmuslims
modi in dubai could emerge as the leader due to pmo india splendid efforts abroad, provided na mo must deliver at home as well
it is the duty of every citizen to contribute to the development of nation. alone can t do everything for us
frustrated congress as usual crying foul, while modi has taken d bull by d horn, by d breakthrough jt statement 4m uae. modi in uae
firstpost thousands turn up for modi s address at dubai cricket stadium. get live updates here
ndtv pm modi to address a 50,000 strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in 30 minutes. live updates
modi ji first look after our own people, baad mein tamasha karna bahar jaakar,what about orop,vyapam, dramebaaz
dna live modiin uae watch indian diaspora recreate madison square like event for modi speech
timesnow it took an indian pm 34 years to reach uae. i promise this will not happen in the futuretonguem narendra modi modi in uae
you got owaisi for a debate on modi. lol.
and you yourself had said our pm is an event management.
timesnow modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in 34 years. can congress deny the fact? tweet your views live on modi in uae
orop ex service chiefs write to pm, ask to resolve the issue immediately
dna live modiin uae watch crowds chant modi, modi as they await his speech
pm narendra modi to address a 50,000 strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in 30 minutes.
have hit the nail on the head with this tweet. kudos!
na mo rocks in dubai htt
timesnow if he modi has such a great agenda, he has to deliver tom vadakkan, congress modi in uae
happiness modi rocks modi in dubai
wrong choice of word, barrier. uae gives employment to 25 lakhs indians n 25 of remittance, w o modi visit.
modi s image has lost a lot of stock value due to scams in d last 4 months.this exotic dubai extravaganza is planned to resurrect
it s bad times 4 , more u attack his popularity just soaring every day
comparison with namo basic problem. if only their leader had the charisma like namo amp speak like namo..sob,,,sob...
watching live show of or strong prime minister s mega event which rocks d family of peace loving world.
namo is really great leader of india
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to
along with arnab on newshour!! aah he is always angry modi in dubai
few chairs empty at the extreme right. this is how unpopular is!
to address a 50,000 strong crowd at dubai cricket stadium in 30 minutes.
modi ji is big showman for which indians waited a long time after inderaji
pm modi is the best ever prime minister of india !
curious to listen namo.....
why r they chest thumping on stupid modi s useless worl
you are too kind wink
bakts r busy watching modi rocks in dubai moment.haters r killing themslvs trying 2 badmouth modi somehow.
modi never shed tears of suffering muslims in the country including riot victims never gave greetings to poor muslims in india modiin uae
prime minister sri narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae
pm made a strong pitch for attracting investment in india
modi sir pls take strong action against pak amp condemn terror amp ceasefire violation of pak too, we hvnt voted 4 u to be soft on
this moron doesn t realize that nris are indian citizens they can even become pm. lol! na mo rocks in dubai
he is on course to became first pm to tour every country of the world and click selfies . that will be some record
hahaha!! what a fancy idea?!!
modi is the new age leader and rest is old age leader. modi in dubai
prof, remember? u once said namo will be adored, respected and feared worldwide like lee kuan yew .
seems, is materializing.
an adarsh liberal is one who mocks others for worshipping modi yet etongueects modi to come up with miracles like eradicating poverty within 1yr
namo shows us india everywhere
euphoria all over.. a slide show of namo s journey was shown.. the crowd couldn t control their excitement..began roaring
modi had visited this temple..unlucky temple pay d price
at least 12 dead in blast close 2 temple
14.4 million to be exact
what is wrong if modi foes and gets business y is the congress always criticizing like a village women and not opposition modi in uae
tom vadakkan, when pratiba patil went to uae stayed for 4 days nobody knew coz she did nothing. modi in 2 days created a flutter modi in uae
modi or no modi, i guess bjp will eternally be indian cricket team of yore huffing amp panting towards easy wins, snatching defeat from jov.
live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora recreate madison square like event for modi speech via
modi in a great response from the people ! na mo namo in dubai marhaba namo na mo for world
dynamic leader one and only
rockssssss
modi is cleaning congress mess. so if he says congress and mms did shitty job, take it in stride. modi in uae
any journalist asking owaisi about namo is a mischief in itself.
modi in uae b4 god s avatar bcame mom ws a nation o losers ashamed of bn born here!
what is this ?? supposed to laugh ?? modi in dubai
a lot of crucial posts in centre lying vacant.
modi ji needs to pay attention in house
who is congress spokesman in dubai countering modi pity him
news update modi in dubai live stadium nearly full people still pouring in
modi visit to uae let people say modi is travelling too much, yes its required. let some one question his intention, but we don t...
the tamasha of modi n his lies will unmask him unless he gets swamy on his rt side
he is just fu ing irritated that he wouldn t hv got the same reception response as marhaba namo has got !
live modi to address indian community at cricket stadium prime narendra
by now modi must have made a world record for eating khichadi in most number of countries.
s another selfie w world leaders, do hell w haters from tv starlets to news hosts.
relevant pic as benaras is modi s constituency modi in dubai
don t know about that, but the global etongueosure and value of india is certainly on rise after all these things happening.
ok no but modi
70,000 inside the stadium and over 20,000 people outside stadium wait for an historic moment in uae.. modi in dubai modi magic
this moron doesn t realize that nris are indian citizens they can even become pm. lol! na mo rocks i
are you watching modi in uae? who s the female anchor? she s gorgeous no?
aadarsh liberals will praise modi, only if he subsidizes burnol. their daily needs must be taken care. modi in uae marhaba namo
wen modi s image gets a set back due to failures n incompetency his pr agency plans big exotic events abroad
crowd of 35k filled in cricket stadium chanting modi with enthusiasm.... really proud moment fo indians in modi in dubai marhaba namo
guys don t be surprised, if modi visits mars amp you find people chanting modi, modi . gimmick!
we knew raj deep never liked pm modi but why india today?
shows the power this man has! truly brilliant!! namo in dubai
idiotic congress just cant digest modi s popularity abroad, and the impressive visits that he makes which cong pm s cud not do
dailyo you don t need parliament to etongueel exam scams, mr anshuman1tiwari vyapam scam smriti irani
please watch him the man who was tagged as a gujarati leader and not a national leader smiley
why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world
we should have more ties with arab world. there is nothing great about pm modi s visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque asadowaisi
all foreign dignitaries go to the same mosque as pm modi has, its a way to pay homage in uae asadowaisi
y did vajpayee not visit uae when he was pm? stupid, sadak chaap feku does not understand international diplomacy.
live streaming from dubai
they represent the 69 who didn t vote for modi tweet like a pseudo seculars
how long officials hide these cease fire violations since may 2014 from pm modi
delhi under dengue attack and highest in 4 years. hope you will not make delay in blaming modi.
took much footage than modi modi in dubai namo in dubai
heartbreak kid narendra modi na mo in dubai
why r news channels missing all other news jus to accommodate duffer modi s bogus events
na mo should wear jersey for tonight to please he will invest double. idea by
lets get some balance on tv. modi s mosque visit in dubai is to appease muslims in india and for bihar outcome!! come on !!
spo s city
uae watching narendra modi
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modis visit top news
yes why not modi a type of person they are easy lly ......accept all religion .,,,,,,,,,modi modi.......
nation not u beta, modi cheat 125 cr ppl of bharat by
getting owaisi to speak on modi. lol you could have invited a much better person than him.
modi sir today ppl might start thinking dat u gave up corruption amp compromise d with soniaji pls com clear on this issue sir
the sad part about modi haters is that they ll never be able to relish era of india s most extravagant pm. marhaba namo
get ready to watch live on . follow on twitter!
high energy level at marhaba modi event in dubai.waiting for the pm to arrive
ha ha ha stop being a cry baby... namo is doing a super job. period
the indian cricket team could do with a batsman like modi.
deliver abroad wherever you go, never mind what goes on at home.
dna sample of modi amp chamchas ??
yeah. india elected u mr. prime minister, the sr. modi. rise and prove urself humiliating predecessors not going help u
modi is still in election mode that too outside india.
modiin uae watch crowds chant modi, modi as they await his speech
modi visit to mosque in uae insignificant. it ill b more meaningful if he visit mosque in india 2 support secularism
shri narendra modi will address indian diaspora in dubai. watch live at modi in dubai
ughh...opposition guys u suck like anything..stop whining over everything modi does modi in dubai
modi should visit masjid in india? although i have lost my confidence on him but he wont fucking do that. go fuck yourself sickulars!
sick of namo s craziness in uae. it seems that no other news is around
all india bakchod s net neutrality video forces modi government to extend date
i think modi is as popular a pm as jfk was. the kind of hope that he has instilled in masses is awesome modi in dubai modi magic
modi should insure citizen safety in india.
modi was wearing an orange saffron scarf too. the message is quite clear don t tread on hindus.
now waiting for modi ji to be special guest referee at next wrestlemania
should modi speak about sushma swaraj too in uae ? modi in uae
lets talk facts.. wat s d amount of investments that india has got frm over 26 nation 5o odd day foreign visit of modi
d true global leader , they r buying tickets just 2 hear him
namoin dubai live narendra modi
modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in 34 years. can congress deny the fact? why congress was sleeping ?
most useless news and propaganda. unsc cn b dn only aftr us, china n russia, rest all no matter
pm modi on his way to dubai stadium.soon we re going to witness another madison moment in dubai. excited! na mo rocks in dubai marhaba namo
go n watch newschnnel look at the fan following of modi
the folks in the red and yellow wigs must be kannadigas.
modi in dubai proud to see 50,000 people in one stadium to listen modi in dubai
modi to soon address the indian community at dubai cricket stadium.
quite a gathering, as usual.
maybe modi haters should form their own little country so they can boo modi when he visits?
modi s image has lost a lot of stock value due to scams in d last 4 months.this exotic dubai extravaganza is planned to r
pm modi got 75 billion dollar investment 4m dubai,
joint statement between d india amp uae
wanna ratkiller?
live pm modi in uae watch modi speech live from dubai cricket stadium
why should a pm visit every country of world.moment we united with israel arabs were against us,inc managed it well
firstpost firstpost thousands turn up for modi s address at dubai cricket stadium. get live updates here
isi ka chara yours dost ne khaya hai.modi ne nahi.this type of thinking made ur bihar sick in all respect .
what a spectacular view . kudos everyone who trusts namo in this manner. modi in dubai modi magic
off course you may have selective memory loss even the pm s name but don t mix with pappu na mo rocks in dubai
this meeting is scheduled on the backdrop of real first visit to israel by indian pm narendra modi.this is the main reason.
in ,
are doing 4 5 lakh strong rallies.
25th august rally etongueected to be 10 lakh strong.
watch times now at 9smiley0pm
speech by narendra modi live from uae.
it took an indian pm 34 years to reach uae. i promise this will not happen in the futuretonguem narendra modi modi in u
who pays for pm carnivals in foreign countries like d one now happening ?
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took
eat your heart out all the congressis and the sickular parties and also the modi baiters from the news media
i dont know about that but cong definitely loses its shit whenever it sees modi in foreign countries.
my heartily condemn for them.....
modi brushes shoulders with sheikhs while bjp haryana police rough it with women
what a absolute atmosphere there in dubai . modi in dubai
youth started loving politics by this great leader . love you modi
is lalit modi assisting sahara group? lalit modi to sell the group s hotels abroad. watch to know more
lol..madam why haven t you deleted these gems? are you a proud adarsh liberal or just a dumb modi hater? smiley
after gujarat massacre in modi was involved in 1000 s of muslims killing , m8 b same thing he provoke in dubai modi in dubai
namo has the capacity to translate vision into reality. marhaba namo modi in dubai
how long will u connect religion and caste with modi. high time that you move on with one subject.
lalit modi enjoys mandate to sell sahara s hotels madison capital
this not actual handwriting of modi..pm use to sign only in visitors book...
modi sir u always speak abt cong mukt bharat but remember sir it may reverse u in future if u go on soft on pak amp corruption
na mo roc
there is no dout about modi s visit to mosque, he is a india origin who with a quality of sarva dharma sambhav..
one of the biggest event in uae is going on in uae
i pity the few gullible nris who have no idea about what is happening in india. go ahead cheer modi.
50,000 indian etongueats to hear modi at marhaba namo event in dubai the times of india...
all d comparing namo in dubai mosque visit with bihar poll, if modi wanted attention, he would have visited jama maszid instead !
modi s passport must be thicker than shantaram
arnab remember madison square you were so excited in new york you called mr modi a rock star,thank god u r not there
patriotism the reason why today modi is respected in all countries. modi is a true patriotic. na mo rocks in dubai
modi governments natural choice for using force against military veterans.
what can be more pleasant site for any one than this one...shows hw much respect modi ji has earned.
pm to address marhaba namo event in shortly
cricket stadium is houseful. chants of modi modi fill the air. namo in dubai na mo in uae
modi, continues to attract , amp businesses however internal amp bureaucratic system will spoil sport
in a short while from now pm modi to address indian diaspora at the dubai cricket stadium
u ppl can t handle sarcasm, iq required 4 tht.look thr r empty chairs,who said modi is famous
pm to address 50,000 indians at dubai stadium. modi in dubai modi in uae modi magic
the fearless indian prime minister narendra modi to reach out to the arab world
no sir. modi has 14.4 million followers on twitter.
pm narendra modi s silence on ceasefire violations hurtful omar abdullah via
what about congress writing to obama about modi? what are they complaining about uae comment. modi in dubai
india vs pak crowd lt narendra modi s speech crowd modi in dubai
will be another spectacle. another square moment. will rock as always! will stop, listen and watch
only show off no heartily msg......
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora at 9smiley0 pm modi in uae
celebrated political analyst.lok
magic
narendra modi woos uae, says has 1 trillion investment potential at
ex ipl chief lalit modi making deals to sell sahara chief subrata roy s hotels in us
we have a deep historical links and shared vision and aspirations for our nations to pm
prime minister narendra modi will address a massive indian diaspora at a dubai sports city stadium in a while.
modi in dubai without stepping into kerala, modi has won.
live coverage by malayalam janam tv of namo dubai event at cricket stadium
pm modi to address the indian community in dubai
live feed of namo in dubai event na mo
berating and insulting past indian govts on foreign soil is plain offensive. and on this one, pm is a serial offender. modi in dubai
congress etongueects modi to praise the previous congress governance in india , which voters booted out
namo is not a name now.its just a phenomenon which covers everything where ever he goes.
naredra damodar das modi biggest political show man of world
pm modi urges uae to invest in india bbc newsq
when citizen of india killed everyday in j amp k no words but suddenly so angry, show off isn t it?
why so much dissatisfaction? their term is over, why so much noise.
india s modi visits uae to discuss security and economic ties via dailymotion
pm modi visit masdar city in uae also a round in driverless car sandeshnews
nothing wrong in pm modi saying in dubai that his predecessors really looted amp destroyed india.is it not true, sonia and pappu are jokers ?
modi in uae modi never said congress or bjp pm s. he said it took 34yrs for pm to visit and he got it in legacy.
modi in dubai live vips start reaching venue pm en route
modi s passport must be thicker than shantaram book
modi and indira gandhi both share one thing common political willpower. but indira lacked etongueerience and people connect.
modi modi modi modi chant ...waiting for the pm to arrive.
na mo in dubai modi in dubai smiley
orop will be implemented soon v k singh. modi ministry
madison capital says sahara directed madison to proceed with bids to lalit modi
moment to see grand of our pm in uae
to india
to uae
i love my ...
madison capital says given to understand that lalit modi enjoys mandate to sell sahara hotels
you listen to that useless piece of shit modi, don t ask us to listen to him you paid sanghi moron
congress peoples is a mad..namo is a coming dubai great reletionship
thank you for coming uae. we are celebrating this moment. .this time we want to see you. but we can t . because we have work sorry modi ji
cnbctv18live is lalit modi assisting sahara group? lalit modi to sell the group s hotels
t sunami at maharban namo lot s of ppl r waiting outside in queue n waiting to get the seats. namo rocks in dubai
patriotism the reason why today modi is respected in all countries. modi is a true patriotic.
modi must be thinking why islam is so different in uae as compared to porkis and indian belivers.
waiting for the moment when the crowd chants modi modi modi in dubai .
what a dynamic leader !!! love you modi
after uae, modi should now visit pope in vatican city in order to maintain secular fabric of the world
modi in dubai burnol moment for all modi haters modi in dubai
modi match modi man of match who staybaj behind this match.
any channel which is showing the program that is going on at the modi speech venue instead of the bleddy discussions?
he will come out with another case to keep gandhis away,modi to stay
the fearless indian unprecedented security for prime minister modi on independence day
rockstar rocks modi in uae na mo in uae namo in dubai
dubai cricket stadium is reverberating with chants of modi.. modi in dubai
modi in dubai live vips start reaching revenue pm enroute
its bcoz , its 1st time an indian pm had visited this country. modi is corrupt man .
they gave india 70 billion of remittances last year. but your hate for modi didn t let you see anything.
chants of modi modi fill the atmosphere at dubai stadium
be it mallu s tam s or punjabi s .
true colors of lalit modi crook coming out. the crook is out there selling sahara properties
crook versus crook here.
first indian pm in 34 years? what a shameless way if tweeting. rascal
modi in uae congress scared of modi s success.trying everything to stop bjp.shame on the oldest party.
whole uae is trembling with the echo of slogans of , vande mataram , jai hind ..... na mo marhaba na mo
irony
modi declines yo wear a muslim cap in india but shamelessly visits a mosque in dubai
a neat gesture. would britain follow? tongue
modi sir ppl voted u bcoz ur a strong leader but now silent on pak issue it doubt s now sir pls take action on pakistan pls sr
modi visit builds momentum for india uae ties, economy minister says ,
after swacch bharat, modi government to launch accessible india to help differently abled people.
acche din
yes, as they r more nationalist than so called intellectuals amp news traders who r resides inindia.shud i give eg.?
pardon !
pm s twitter account is amp it has 14.4 million followers.
what a shame for narendra modi !!
what are you talking abt man? our pm modi have already declared that businessmen take more risk than soldiers. priorities!!
70,000 inside the stadium and over 20,000 people outside stadium wait for an historic moment in uae.. modi in dubai
and a favourite of the masses
modi wud deliver if we didnt nd d oppositn to tag along inls nd rs!!whr congr fr its war agnst modi isnt allowg india to move on
is destroying all mosques in india, amp then visits muslim countries to beg for funds investment to run india.
pak salutes hamid gul
well,no one knew mr modi outside gujarat,isn t it? modi in uae namo in dubai
i am thinking how will i react when nepali bangladeshi pm will come and do am event like modi do in other countries. marhaba modi
sheikh zayed mosque is not a mosque amp these people have gathered for marhaba namo event because they hate modi.
are those 70,000 people more eager to listen to or the people back in here??? just a thought modi in dubai
coz mrs patil never used her hon ble position to bring tie ups, jvs, mutual agreements and her pr never bothered.
modi in dubai incredible atmosphere. packed stadium. less than 1 hour to go before modi speech.
what are you talking abt man? our pm modi have already declared that businessmen take more risk than soldiers. prior
had managed majority at home amp now drawing the majority abroad.
pm modi addresses the indian community at stadium via modi in uae modi in dubai
the only time i saw the opposition rabble in our parliament behave like adults was when modi was giving his speech!
times now has been bought by namo.
modi ji should show some courage to withdraw salary and perks received by mps during a non productive session of parliament
this man is really come from heaven a gods gift. pm modi to address the indian community in dubai via
madison square redux narendra modi dubai sports stadium. being streamed live
sure modi is reason, you were so friendly with pakis, you tide hands of our army, they rarely retaliated, now they are getting reply
hope mr.modi will learn and spply from arab hospitality
not many would think so..
traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill
fast unto death whole country is with our hero s who are sitting at jantar mantar.it is high time for pm modi ji!!
lynette , is excellent speaker like my idol ronald reagan . is s ronald reagan
sandip roy pm modi at abu dhabi s grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims
exclusive pic of frustrated going la la land after seeing crowd at uae in namo speech
with present economical trend of dubai amp india s growth with modi, this might turn around in few yrs tongue modi in uae
let the picture speak... na mo rocks in dubai na mo
even then it s doubtful they will boo considering the charm of modi.
marhaba na mo welcome na mo at na mo in dubai public event to start at 0930 pm ist
aalternator rameshsrivats dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi.
great magician of india
all d comparing namo in dubai mosque visit with bihar poll, if modi wanted attention, he would have visited
sahara group may have roped in lalit modi to sell hotels abroad. madison capital informs sc that co has asked it to forward its bids to modi
fuck it, i m gonna be a stripper line namo ni anya after abpsyc exam
entire population is agitating in .
no news?
your very great modi ji
joker of the year
forgets these gems of corruption
sushma
raje
shavraj
raman
pankaja
tawde
vankaayi
hey buddy.. modi jee is coming tomorrow in our city.. i don t have pass plz tell someone to provide me modiin uae go through my tl
haha...so liberal! if you don t like what i like, get lost from here
indias modi faces tough afghan choices asia times
he digout indian blackmoney?give to indian youth?india has 1 tn investment potential,modi tells uae via
modi is not on a bjp s political rally in uae cursing other indian parties abroad, concentrate on his main objective modi in uae
dubai international stadium has hosted 17 odis and now 1 m odi modi in uae
jubilant crowds throng stadium for pm address namo in dubai modi in dubai
pm s critics would be more eager to watch him than his supporters. modi in dubai
namo has to deliver before he travels or open his mouth...
live on here he is. prime minister of india narenda modi in
dubai cricket stadium is reverberating with chants of modi..
channel no 726 to see the modi event live in dubai. for elife users only tongue
rss destroys mosques in india, amp then visits muslim countries to beg for funds investment to run india.
pappu mother amp father could not save indra,father was enable to save his mother,pappu s mother not saved his father?
na mo rocks in dubai pm modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai tonight ndtv
pm narendra modis uae visit quick take august 18, 2015 at 02smiley7am online media
whhhooohhh...modi magic abt to begin modi in dubai
he is doing so. he is not congress who has fooled people of india for decades. pappu so duffer
its good to c ur honourable prime minister mr.modi in uae . watching the same... modi in uae
now wait for press to announce nris aren t aware of the grassroots problem and hence support modi
our pm just arrived cricket stadium to address the indian community modi in dubai marhaba modi
watch modi live..
in domestic politics, modi ji is remote controlled by nagpur.
in foreign policy, by washington. a perfect puppet.
the etongueerts which come on the
narendra modi shows the serious politics of opposing . this requires the politics of finesse amp opposition to appeasement.
predicting future bjp leader after modi in the year 2024 ram madhav
modi belittles maa bete ki sarkar and that sarkar is not india. our nation is above all this
so much brouhaha over modi s speeches. the media hasn t learnt any lessons. and its crawling when gag orders are being sent. shameful!
pm must act on this issue . pakistan has taken modi ji so lightly ?
mms got abused even for sneezing. but bhakts are silent even when modi unleashes his police on military personnel. amazing!
anti modi amp loyalty to aap is her only mantra does she need to b taken seriously ever?
muslims fear rising tide of hindu nationalism in modi s india washington post
great modi
great crowd chanting modi modi modi !!!
modi live in concert. 1 hr to go.
hi sir modi jee is coming in my city ara tomorrow.. plz tell someone to provide me a pass. go through my tl trying
narendra modi meets vice president amp pm of uae in dubai via
high time for pm modi in dubai enjoying paneer kaliya and khatti dal.
besharam pm
congis amp are squealing like rats ,stung w envy amp modi s deft political touch. modi does not to bakwas but he does the business !!
namo will start speech after pay homage to jawans death in border at dubai stadium.
sahara group may have roped in lalit modi to sell hotels abroad. madison capital informs sc that co has asked it to forwa
if modi visits temple gt he shud visit mosque if modi visits mosque gt that one is tourist place. adarsh liberals namo rocks in dubai
dubai cricket stadium roars with modi modi vande matram as pm ji arrives for address modi in dubai
you can also watch pm live from dubai on yuvaitv modi in dubai
na mo arrives modi in dubai
patriotism by residential non indians rni, is directly proportional to the hatred for modi.
, you are strategically deviating modi focus to uae.
this is about modi influence!
like it or not.
never forgot to shake hands and be friendly. it is an important lesson about namo s leadership.., marhaba namo modi in dubai
congress flays prime minister modi on pakistani shelling in border areas ndtv
did i miss it or modi ji forgot to tweet about gurdaspur attack or ?
people in india do get hurt!
narendra modi ,first indian pm to visit uae in 34 years.. pm to adress 50,000 indian diaspora shortly.
vote on the poll modi g dubai visit helps on via
na mo in uae.... india is the new alexander.
with you always, ji ab to jawaab dedo aapke bhi ghar me buzurg log hain saab
few borned claiming a exclusive veg food at modi s uae dinner. and the truth is gt
india hindi visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque by pm modi is an aspect of the bihar poll
political islamic goondi oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm right...no need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.
u know how india could rescue so many ppl frm arab countries..its coz of modi.wait fr few yrs u will cme to know
bjp4tamilnadu isupportnamo live telecast marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai
saal ek shuruaat anek
bjp4tamilnadu isupportnamo crowd chanting modi modi modi
namoin dubai saal ek shuruaat anek international yo
reality chk all nris in world roughly make 1.5cr thats less 2 of india popln but gets 98 of modi,s attention !
i am veri happy mr.narendra modi com to dubai
pm s historic public event in dubai is titled marhaba namo which means welcome namo
modi never shed tears of suffering muslims in the country including riot victims never gave greetings to poor muslims
two birds with one stone did pm modi go to abu dhabi mosque with an eye on bihar polls? all of this will pre...
if modi visits temple gt he shud visit mosque if modi visits mosque gt that one is tourist place. adarsh liberals namo rocks in
no one asking u to review on modi visit. u eat ur own shit
modi ! modi !!
..
it s amazing 2 hear in a cricket stadium after
sachin ! sachin !!
modi is the actual selfie queen.
already he has delivered more than you all could ever so ....
host of modi event i calling him moe dee. wrong pronunciation.
news update modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation
nobody can beat narendra modi on popularity in the world right now.
called seculars ko mirchi lag gayi ke liye crowd dekhkar ,barnol out of stock, labour pain started
modi in dubai welcome ! modi in dubai please amp watch narendra modi at dubai stadium live now
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae
my selfie with namo in masdar city today in abu dhabi
he modi is the greatest event manager that free india has ever seen tom vadakkan, congress modi in uae
narendra modi visits the uae, becomes first prime minister to visit in 34 years
dubai crowd for modi more than twice as big as madison square garden
congress is angry because nda foreign policy victory all over the world. we are proud to be indian.
god bless modi..
modi condems thought of blast in bangkok modi in dubai
pm modi s visit marks the beginning of a new and comprehensive strategic partnership between india and uae
two minutes silence for those who hate modi. one can easily see the minority croud for his support. isn t it modi in dubai
dubai stadium set for pm modi s madison square moment what has dubai stadium got to do with madison sq? just somehow bjp wants usa tied in
who said india did not get anything from modi ? entertainment entertainment amp entertainment
vote on the poll which one is best in modi amirat visits on janta pariwar via
sonia maino to all cong cronies take out mistakes of whatever modi and the govt does even if it is good for the nation
now....modi live from dubai !!!!!!
it shows the credibility of pm modi and people s faith in him even after 1 yr in office. jai hind
i love modi. his aura is so mesmerising modi in uae
i am aware of it startd as a kid selling cup of tea, very humble beginning, non corrupt like
congress flays pm modi on pak shelling.
congress ... pl refrain. he may not be better than you, but he is no worse either.
i am all set to listen to shri narendra modi, if you are all set and read to listen to pm modi ! modi in dubai
modi will very soon make a new definition for selfie.
full stadium view marhaba namo modi in dubai
if modi is an event manager then its doesn t matter as progress is seen bt nehru ws the greatest anti indian amp mess started then modi in uae
excitement is palpable at the dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address the indian diaspora shortly modi in uae
namo on stage....!
zee, among others, is carrying live visuals of pm modi from dubai.. modi in dubai
sheikhzaidgrand mosque is the last resting place of uae first president
but is trying to project modi visit ,reaching out to muslims
modi amp bjp busy with politics even when our jawans continue to die in the border every day.this govt is useless.
modi live from dubai
live now on namma tv
pm reaches the venue marhaba namo
na mo in dubai modi in dubai smiley starting national anthem
two forms of south indian classical dance representing indian culture
here comes modi modi in dubai
photos modi, modi chants ring out in dubai on rediff yet?you should... and now
modi ji reached...stage...and ground..modi modi....
look at the atmosphere in dubai stadium ! mini india in dubai ! jai ho !
modi arrives at the dubai international cricket stadium
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium, shortly. modi in uae via ani news
uae to raise investments to rs 5 trillion in india modi in dubai modi in uae modi magic
modi live in concert.
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi modi in uae
pm modi arrives. modi in dubai
whichever country modi visits, diaspora becomes dais podra gumbal. such crowd much wow
this crowd is going to work as a tonic for modi for sure modi in dubai modi in uae
sleepless night for modi critics this happening in muslim country
the only thing coming to my mind ,smbdy said modi ko gujarat ke bahar kon janta hai . hahaha modi in dubai
modi is here!!!!! it is electric all aroud the world! modi in dubai
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modi ... firstpost
modi in dubai reaches on stage. people chanting modi modi.
the sadness of indian msm n modi.he gets rockstar reception among etongueats inspite of their attempt f running him down.
fact the 33 who voted for modi here are enjoying seeing him live at the big event modi in dubai !
live modiin uae watch pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi, modi
you r right mr javedkar modi mahan to baki sab mehman
and bhakt think that uae is indias new friend.fact is india is loosing even russia under modi
low cost mobile device maker datawind will add 2 more manufacturing units in india for contributions in modi s make in india ache din ??
modi in dubai please amp watch narendra modi at dubai stadium live now
the man deserves to be our pm.
deal with it! na mo
na mo rocks in dubai is on d stage waving at every body! the madness among every body n chanting of modi is in d air
you , in your seething hatred for modi, have denigrated our country in response to a foreign official. depth of depravity.
it is great moment for indians.
mr.modi meet even labour in labour camp . after 34 years we got land for temple. congress??????
truly superstar pm! modi in dubai modi magic
yes u r aaptards u guys amp gals can do and say anything . nobody takes u seriously
here comes the heartthrob !!! modi in dubai
modi modi modi .........
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi dubai tens of thousands of indian etongueatriates floode...
news alert pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae
who will reply to 10 former chief s letter in modi s absence?
before mr narendra modi, the prime minister of...
modi is full on entertainment
pm arrives at dubai cricket stadium amid huge cheer, to begin his speech shortly
he modi is the greatest event
manager that free india has ever
seen tom vadakkan, congress
she also once claimed that her support to modi will end during an interview post may 2014
according to modi ji, if lalu prasad ji has become bigger criminal to destroy bihar with etongueerience of jail then what abou
and pm has finally arrived at dubai stadium. modi modi chants echoes. na mo rocks in dubai marhaba namo
live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora recreate madison square like event for modi speech
modiin uae if modi criticises other govt then who else could do this as nehru gandhi family remained in power.
modi live in concert!
pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium. track live updates here
pic source ani
modi says pro poor, quiet on big business in key annual address.. related articles
the 56 inch chest comes into the stadium. eat your hearts out modi haters and papplus
no khabar of pappu since ind day,just look out for him in the crowd in dubai, cheering himself silly 4 modi
we are ready to welcome the honourable indian prime minister to the stage
modi in uae zee tvme
is a date enough if modi announces date as aug 15 2017 will all b contended
since there re no toilets in india for hindu women, reminds to . modi in dubai
modi should start his speech in urdu
wtf are you doing modi modi is giving goosebumps man... na mo in dubai
your deabte sardesai on india today tv about mr.modi visit,you said that mr.modi is showman just nonsense ,anybody stopped you
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai
pm narendra modi etongueected to address over 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium at around 9smiley0 tonight.
live modiin uae watch pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi,
namo rocks in dubai arey namo will certainly rock but wat abt his haters in india all appize,congiez amp many more...i pity on them...
modi all around modi in dubai
don t watch ths people r crooks not showing modi in uae just watch
draksbond modi in dubai aaptards are getting rattled by modi ji s visit to uae. reason
minhazmerchant thank you.. danishsir .minhazmerchant at his best. must read n i tot
round table india rise of modi and anti muslim politics a critical reading of the left.
just cause the gig is happening at a cricket stadium, do they have to dress like cheerleaders? modi in dubai
when i look back!
how many heart burns tonite ???
indians divided by media united by modi.
modi hater ! calling our respected modiji launda
pm of india narendra modi arrives at the venue.
sure ! just like raga is the greatest event damager in the history of independent india
namo best event manager i have seen ever.
modi in dubai modi addressing western mangalore and kerala now.
modi has arrived on stage in dubai. all the anchors and news channel staff can lock their building, go for dinner amp come back in 1.5 hrs
fantastic turnout at the stadium.
the moment has arrived.. pm modi on stage in dubai
this can be done by only shri modi ji, wherever he go, it look those country are only of bhartiya
this tom vadakkan is comparing pratibha patil s picnic with modi s visit, i thought you can t go below sanjay jha. modi in dubai modiin uae
gujrat ka sher
commit your crimes when modi is speaking, for even god is busy watching the live telecast mathew hayden
with 70k people....
all your efforts to dislodge modi gonna reach a figure sibal is fond off that is naught
exactly the same what we witnessed in us..the mad chaos!
event
this lovely unfurling must have been terribly painful for for 2 reasons 1 tiranga 2 pm modi
wrong he has 14.4 million followers on twitter
we have pm like modi ji!!!
felling proud to have wonderfull pm, amussed to see thousands of people gathered for modi in uae.
this is absolutely true .
two minutes silence for those who hate modi. one can easily see the minority croud for his support. modi in dubai
so many muslims attended the event hence modi is secular
has the turnout record for a match been overtaken, ?
modi looks so zonked rn
pm arrives at the venue....crowds go frenzy chanting modi modi
you , in your seething hatred for modi, have denigrated our country in response to a foreign official. depth
pm narendra modi s push for start ups encouraging industry business today
modi has arrived on stage in dubai. all the anchors and news channel staff can lock their building, go for dinner amp co
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium
abu dhabi to talk up and trade as namo comes visiting ...from 8 sources
gandhis got relief in herald scam much like modi got relief in 2002 riots
fucked up indian justice system
modi in dubai herald scam
modi ji has notched up so many firsts, i m sure the farmers killing themselves feel proud while doing it.
modi with the prime time!!!!
pm modi to address the indian community in dubai via omg !!
pm shri arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi modi in dubai
romans understood the importance of political theater, how else one justifies colosseo?! in india, so does modi.
even will call it hypocrisy wen modi declines to wear a skull cap in india but visits mosque in uae..
tweets suggest that namo has arrived in the stadium. but kumkum bhagya is on air. pragya is to arrive, apparently after being back from dead
yeah sabhi rss wale
coz mrs patil never used her hon ble position to bring tie ups, jvs, mutual agreements and her pr never bothered. s
dawood is heavily invested in uae
now modi ji wishes to bring fdi from uae
so is dawood being welcomed by ??
what a damn shocking respect for namo... feels honoured being an indian today modi in uae
modi in dubai live
watch now
ndtv pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium. track live updates here
narendra modi s answer to those idiots who talk non sense about rss ! via
tom wadakkan amp congrascals are green with envy, yes modi is even better than atalji modi in dubai
finally the man himself the 1 n nly mr modi our beloved prim minister modi in dubai
marhaba namo modi in dubai what a national pride and euphoria. he does clearly generate pride. wow!
vadakkam is an idiotic moron...bloody losers all of you
pm modi says potential for growth in india, coupled with uae s energy can indeed propel the entire region to become a super power.
because you can etongueect this from modi, not from kejri
the show is about to begin! proud to have modi as pm. modi in dubai
uae smart city masdar inspires pm narendra modi to say science islife tv9
the indian national anthem is sung as pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium modi in uae
kreasy crazydiode so many muslims attended the event hence modi is secular telanganaredux
forget about opposition and haters.. even the biggest celebrities of the world would envy modi s fame..
rockstar modi
times now excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora at 9smiley0 pm
yes he has! so u bettr tell tht 2 the nation keeping your anti modi bious 2 yrslf. understand?
i think congress suffering from modi phobia
pm modi condemns twin bomb blasts in bangkok outside lord brahma temple
s lalit modi assisting sahara group? lalit modi to sell the group s hotels abroad. watch to know more
congress sud outsource its eventual demise to modi..the event manager
pm modi to address indian diaspora in dubai cricket stadium shortly. modi in dubai
watching modi sir live from dubai.
. what you wish to sink in? or rss?
namo in dubai modi in dubai
cnbctv18live s lalit modi assisting sahara group? lalit modi to sell the group s hotels
watch live pm addresses indian diaspora in
modi in uae modiin dubai
just imagine when imran khan becomes the prime minister of pakistan one day in sha allah and visits uae like modi... man what a day it ll be
modi has done good by visiting uae, he should not mar it by bringing it out of internal politics in foreign land.
for your attention
pretty packed inside the dubai cricket stadium as pm modi arrives to give his speech. modi in dubai
from dr. manmohan singh to narendra modi. ohh india we have travelled from a phd research scholar to an awesome mba grad modi in dubai
it s electrifying! the modi chants reverberate in the entire stadium. you make us so proud mr. pm modi rocks dubai
pm shri arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi. modi in dubai
watch live narendra modi reaches dubai cricket stadium
which is more trending rather than namo is only .
sabhi secular and prestitute ko pura stock samarpit.
pm narendra modi s uae visit quick take
narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium to address the crowd
modi will make a great speech in dubai but remain dumb in india..very much like manmohan
if he modi has such a great agenda, he has to deliver tom vadakkan
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs 5 lakh cr boost ... financial etongueress
pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium. live updates
what an amazing scene with nearly a stadium full of people chanting modi !! world leader na mo modi in uae namo in dubai
modi arrives people chanting marhaba namo modi in dubai
called seculars ko mirchi lag gayi ke liye crowd dekhkar ,barnol out of stock, lab
hey man, u r not in dubai today, interviewing people at stadium about gujarat riots and how bad modi is?
this is moment when children s in house get joyful as they know they are going to get sweets from elders. modi is proving it, waiting sir
modi s speech
live from dubai cricket.stadium
adarsh liberals wud require tissues,diapers,facewash,etc aftr seeing modi s respct! any offers?
now traders those who have invested in vested interest want return wht u will do now ?
wow! modi, the magician smiley modi in uae
narendra modi arrives at the stadium.
modi in dubai namo in dubai
live thousands turn up for pm modis address to indians at dubai cricket s ...
i am loving this scene..... i am proud of you !!! amazing to see 50,000 indians singing anthem on foreign land. madness.
oh god yeh sab to hai modi ki pr team le ke gai, burnol for all plz
70000 thousand people in stadium to listen to pm modi ji ! i m sure pappu can t arrange after paying !! modi in uae
seems modi ji has done very light makeup today
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium shortly modi in uae
pm arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi modi in uae
it s the huge juggernaut of modi wave now in dubai and look at the crowd!such enthusiasm to see an indian pm.never seen before! modi in dubai
tune to news channels.. prabanjanam.. ah craze entra babu.. pmuae visit
so true. wonder what queen troll says
na mo ro
we need more event managers like modi for a great name and we need them in all levels for a great progress... modi in uae
so is dawood being welcomed by
modi in dubai modi to address 50,000 indians in dubai cricket stadium
meanwhile modi reached now all sickular dogs r ready to criticize modi
modi is an event manager na mo in dubai
kuch bhi kaho, bande ka craze to hai...
rt coolfunnytshirt one by two chants heard in dubai stadium
marhaba namo modi just becoming a global leader. at least world will know what is india ? and its power. modi in dubai
this is wonderful thinking. india is one of the unfriendliest place for disabled. there s no respect at all.
modi in dubai i wonder how the people of dubai feel about modi as his record with indian muslims isn t all that great
not many matches of pakistan have attracted this much entertainment ever before narendra modi speech.the crowd will do bzzirk with his name
marhaba namo watching
great namo
are killing of indians by pak infiltrator s, orop for indian army and bangkok bomb blast has no meaning for indian p.m . modi
pm modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium. over 40,000 inside the stadium
prime minister of india narendra modi arrives at the venue.
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium is about to start, do watch modi in dubai
two minutes silence for those
who hate modi. 1 cn easily
see the minority croud for his
support. modi in dubai
for 1 year modi has been globe trotting at ex chequers money n presenting himself as a superior
event manager
one for the vets are fast unto death. suits hurry up.
pm has arrived at the programme at the cricket stadium watch live
thunder sound of crowd modi in dubai modi in uae
watch live narendra modi reaches dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai
modi modi chants like madison square. modi in dubai truly a rockstar..
modi sarkar
promise of ache din
bring foreign investors from world
ignore trolls
indian development
is this a sly in
so does that mean namo is great success? what r d results of his earlier foreign trips?
modi... .... feeling great.. awsm croud
india, uae plan infrastructure fund, defence and technology ties. marhaba namo modi in dubai modi in uae modi magic
modi in dubai namo, sir, the reason that immigrant indians can make it in dubai and same indians cannot in india is tax terrorism.
how do they always get a large group of bohri muslims to sit together at these overseas modi events?
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium shortly india tv
just now pm modi addresses indian diaspora in uae
it s a proud moment when our national anthem is sung on foreign soil. namo in dubai proud indian
except maybe cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi.
live thousand turn up for pm modi s address to indians at dubai cricket stadium
pm arrived for this ram m worked hard from behind. marhaba welcome namo
modi...modi visiting all countries in one year and he never visited all states in his own country!!!
offense to anyone
america has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but modi haters be still so angry and unable to let go of their hate. sad.
the most amazing thing is doing is remind the world the power of being indian
pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium to address the indian diaspora.
and congis have the greatest event damager ever seen in pappu so duffer. tom the l o s e r...
and should tweet about his relationship with ed boss and how they helped jignesh shah in nsel scam s
watch any news channel to understand power of modi
a very warm welcome to our honourable p.m. narendra modi.
instead watch modi live...
there is no doubting that narendra modi is a crowd puller. he has been proving this time and time again modi in uae
modi in uae none of the gandhis received such a support, anywhere in the world. such is namo s aura and future of india
kills 2000 muslims in indian occupied gujrat amp then goes to for begging of funds to run india. shame on modi in dubai
i am thinking how will i react when nepali bangladeshi pm will come and do am event like modi do in other countries.
no other pm spent 18 hrs a day working. no vices, come up the hard way without support, a real common man s prime minister is modi
tweets suggest that namo has arrived in the stadium. but kumkum bhagya is on air. pragya is to arrive, apparently after b
namo is a person, who no matter how desperate the situation, gave others hope marhaba namo modi in dubai
modi modi chants welcome pm at dubai cricket stadium. modi in dubai
indian deve
no matter how much i criticise namo but i cant doubt his personality n foreign policies modi in dubai
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ??
bharat maata ji jai chanting in the land of arab. this is real ghar wapasi event by fascist modi. modi in dubai marhaba namo
for a while all critics keep calm nd listen watching narendra modi
amazing to see the entire stadium sing jana gana mana beautiful we re proud of you n chants of modi modi in dubai modi magic
prime minister narendra modi speech from dubai cricket stadium today 17 08 2015 at 9.30pm live telecast online now at
grand community reception organised for modi at dubai international cricket stadium
finally modi visits the capital of kerala
such a huge crowd in dubai cricket stadium, can t say modi is giving speech or sachin tendulkar is batting. modi in dubai
pm modi in uae uae supports india s bid for permanent unsc seat both nations also agreed to help each other ...
sir pm all dubai muslim also chatting modi modi
pm arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi
modi is bringing back the lost indian pride. jai ho!
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai read more here
such a massive crowd in dubai cricket stadium. can t say modi is giving speech or tendulkar is batting in india pakistan match.
this is a cricket stadium. holy shit. modi modi chants everywhere
modi in uae salut the pm, mr modi for this wonderful trip to the uae.
does anyone have a bigger fan following than modi?? namo in dubai
pm modi addresses crowd at dubai cricket stadium. live
second pic in the pic will give heartburn to adarsh liberals .. plz apply burnol
modi in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
and mashallah to those modi double decker buses, too.
modi in uae. watching live on . feeling
this what we call modi magic historic movment from dubai
never has the national anthem echoed so often on foreign air. ever since took over. give him credit for that.!
pm narendra modi has arrived at the programme at the dubai cricket stadium.
whenever pm modi travels abroad, he gives a great feeling to indians all over the world.proud moment modi in dubai
hatred for modi is blinding them to anything and everything on earth
pm modi will have a sore throat by the time this event is over.
dubai stadium after a long time indian are there for cheering india and narendra modi
namo has arrived ...
america has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but modi haters be still so angry and unable to let go of the
modi in dubai htt
great respect to modi ji....in uae feeling inspired
concert advisory keep chanting modi modi nd win a chance to take selfie with modi... modi in dubai
labourers and contract workers constitute 40 of indian etongueats in uae. great gesture of pm modi to meet them
namo in uae modi among indian at uae stadium. crowed cheering. he starts his speach with bharat mata ki jai...
which indian prime minister could have ever pulled out this large a crowd? modi in dubai
what a huge crowd in dubai...nd slogan of modi modi....
tomorrow s headlines namo delivers rousing speech in hindi to thousands of nonplussed malayalis on dubai
it s great achievement for to reach amp have such a support. politicians should think how it happens. marhaba namo modi in dubai
marhaba modi forward together...
the occasion can be compared to ...
how great ! chants of modi modi fill the air. cricket stadium is houseful. namo in dubai
huge contingent of muslims supporting namo is burnol moment for siculars modi in dubai
congress is questioning that why he didn t visit earlier?
lol he s doing what no congress pm did in over 30yrs!
not even government organisations are designed to have access for disabled persons. good some1 is thinking about it
modi at icc headquarters.
aa ptard logic
clap
namo in dubai what a grand welcome in dubai for narendra modi ji! marhaba namo !
must say modi ji has good pr machinery.
pm of india narendra modi arrives
at the venue. modi in dubai
meanwhile is replaced to modi ki baat modi in dubai
modi could have won any reality show had he participated.. hes more of a performer than pm. modi in dubai
wow! outstanding reception to na mo. had always heard about the fan following a , netaji bose amp sardar patel commanded. now i know!
i couldn t stop the tears coming out when i heard jan gan man in dubai... we are proud of you modi ji... smiley modi in dubai
awsm
its superb proud feeling namo live and modi modi.enchants all.over stadium.
namo starts with bharat mata ki jay and people cheers back modi modi modi in dubai
that roar of modi modi man i n feeling goose bumps here
flash!!
tune any news channel!!
pm modi live in dubai stadium with 70 k people!!
haha if you keep posting updates from modi s speech venue, you will keep on trending throughout the ev
bharat maata ji jai chanting in the land of arab. this is real ghar wapasi event by fascist modi. modi in dubai marhaba n
some1 remind modi he is pm amp not foreign affair minister
pm modi live from dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai modi in uae
omg !! goose bumps .look at the crowd chanting modi modi .bharat mata ki jai .
then the national anthem !
namo rocks in dubai marhaba namo
get the best out of the oil mines..mr modi modi in dubai
congress just does not realise how much indians n nris love n support modi
do you see those muslims in dubai chanting modi modi ?? how much more secularism you need??
narendra modi app
i am etongueecting indian labourers to lead a much better life style in uae after modi s dubai visit.
apart from the temple.
chef sanjeev kapoor flown to uae to cook veg dinner for pm modi hindustan times
modi in dubai you can also watch pm live from dubai on yuvaitv modi in dubai
you went there to make more money and have a better standard of living. and now chant modi.. or lotsa crowd flown in or just entertainment.
i strongly condemn the blast in bangkok. my thoughts are with families of the deceased. i pray for a speedy recovery o
modi ji visit to u.a.e. congress persons should accept him as bharat gourav
modi modi chants welcome pm modi in dubai
live updates ani
one more perfectly planned prime time speech by modi in dubai
pm begins his speech with bharat mata ki jai . modi in dubai
namo in dubai hd live on gulf tv
and he is here. enters among chants of modi modi namo in dubai
madison moment in dubai. ..modi modi chanting going on...dubai chants ...marabha modi...feeling awesome
who thought 1day ppl would shout modi modi worldwide more than saachin saaachin!!!
how great ! chants of modi modi fill the air. cricket stadium is houseful. namo in dubai h
feeling overwhelmed... i m watching modi live from dubai...
god. jesus fucking christ.
pm arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi starts his address
modi in dubai addressing 50k indians, sung national anthem, crowds goes chanting modi modi bharat mata ki jai
no doubt...modi is electric! modi in dubai
to give land for temple to uae showed their position about holy islam, how safe it is on
modi addresses indian community at the dubai international cricket stadium
modi in dubai roaring like lion.
congress blood boiling.....
thanks to modi, first time one and all in dubai cricket stadium are supporting india. modi in dubai modi in uae namo in dubai
tune to to see namo live speech to indians in dubai marhaba namo
prime minister narendra modi being briefed about more aspects of masdar city modi in uae
modi ji live in uae. what a grand welcome.
instead of allah o akbar,muslims are shouting modi..modi..inside mosque.
they know well that who can change their life.
modi i
namo wave in uae
last wish before death to live one day like modi modi in uae
ndtv pm modi addresses a 50,000 strong indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium.
the world wait to hear you......you are great modi sir....
modi magic in uae, a huge audience, every indian in the crowd there to hear their pm speak to them, a new phenomena never seen before
the dark knight enters modi in dubai namo in dubai
modi..modi chants gives me goosebumps. namo in dubai
democracy pimp kejriwal too went to dubai and awarded himself.modi went to strengthen nation modi in dubai modi in uae
that is what called armchair etongueert without any knowledge what going on ground. lutyens etongueert!!
finally the man 1n nly our beloved prime minister shree narendra modi is here modi in dubai
namo simply wow. proud thank you sir
i am happy to shri.n.modi have a prime minister
wth.. this is that puppy modi once referred to? and reporter asking aap ko kaisa lag raha hai? ..
i see a mini india in front of my eyes namo modi in dubai
a mini india is here in front of me pm modi at dubai cricket stadium. modi in dubai
uae allots land for temple on pm narendra modi s visit via
pm modi begins his address at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae
around 50k people gathered to hear modi ji modi in dubai
good speech mr modi
pm modi has started addressing amazing crowd at the venue
no leader has connected indians in such manner as has done. unity in diversity that too on foreign lands. modi in dubai
watching live telecast of namo from dubai, what a respect from foreign country ... still people are asking his secularity ........
modi ji i wish before i die.i want to see you..
dubai cricket stadium erupts in loud cheers and chants modi, modi. modi in dubai
congress member should watch all over acceptances of modi. they cd never receive it. kudos to modiji
live form dubai... watching narendra modi
modi ji started his speech with bharat mata ki jay. modi in dubai
crowd chanting modi modi modi in dubai
national anthem, modi modi, bharat mata ki jai
myy god, in uae!
seriously marhaba namo modi in dubai
we r one world family smiley
i am seeing a mini india before me right here in , says pm modi in dubai
its not only abt modi, its about how much is pouring in
modi in dubai.....watching live.....great audince in dubai...for modi...
oh god even a temple and its land is a modi jumla at least spare god credit chor na mo modi in dubai h
proud to have modi as our pm namo in dubai
is all that u can hear... modi in dubai
wth.. this is that puppy modi once referred to? and reporter asking aap ko kaisa lag raha hai? .. s
where can i watch modi in dubai speech online?
fb
pm modi live from dubai international stadium.
above 50k peoples gathered. i am proud of him. yes ,...
i was wondering what modi brings which electrifies ! it is the unique sense of pride which he brings to each indian !
pm modi begins his address to thousands of people gathered at the dubai cricket stadium amid loud cheer
pm modi today in dubai i am seeing a mini india
wen modi ji avoided to go to mosques libtards used to say
pm to kbhi masjid jaate hi nhi
wen he wnt they r sayng
pm masjid kyu gye?
both d government visited forein trips d diff. is rahul 4 holiday n modi fr india
you are the people who work hard but also never stayed behind in taking india s glory forward modi
what a moment in uae.....how modi deals with such pressure and etongueectations..... modi in uae
today in dubai i am seeing a mini india pm modi
what a moment !!!
irking congress very much. they cannot accept a top pm like namo. see the welcome he gets there. modi in uae
from where is all modi fandom coming from?
national anthem of both the nation s sung and the speech has just begun. modi ji appreciates all the etongueats for their hard work
bc the world is watching modi speak and i m filling water for my lab. fml
does modi not know our national anthem ?for its impossible that camera focuses on u while anthem playing and you don t lip sing if you know.
another event
speech in uae !!
whataaaa crowd ....namo namo
news traders are all watching modi s speech with huge stocks of burnols at their places. systematic demolition of credentials
indians queers the pitch at dubai stadium. thanks to modi marching with 50k strong army.
modi is a rockstar. should form a band.
bcoz they r busy to cover narendra modi n radhe maa...
modi probably has overgrown his passport to slambook status.
thinking aloud as and as his would be a great combination. both restless for .
and modi rocks uae as well!!
maam too many indian muslims in dubai chantng modi modi . pls tweet. im worried for u. are u alive? did u survive the stroke?
70,000 people at that dubai stadium for modi s speech. vella people. tch. modi in dubai
no leader has connected indians in such manner as has done. unity in diversity that too on foreign lands. modi in du
modi in dubai pm is addressing huge crowd in dubai, crowd goin berserk ,
you just can t miss this.... listening to narendra modi
and namo begins his speech with bharat mata ki jai... with the chants of modi modi. such a rock star my pm is smiley modi in dubai
as becomes the first pm to visit uae, here are 8 other things he was the first to do via
in background of modi ji on 15 aug. redfort was looking deteriorated dilapidated it should be renovated like forts in europe
jay ho jaya he namo lovingly wins dubai by sandstorm whoa grand spectacular special majestic magic
it s miserable to see indians who still mocks and alleges modi for being anti islam or anti muslim. an islamic...
india feels proud because of you pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium
modi embraces rich arabs but has no time for poor relatives of suffering muslims slaughtered in gujarat globe trotter feku
good
i am seeing a mini india before me right here in , says pm modi. modi in uae
you are those people who have worked hard and are working here for many years. at the same time you are enhancing india s pride pm modi
great reporting...
modi modi chanting in dubai. this happening after 34 yrs!! never seen this for any indian prime minister in over last three decades!!
swami has some unsolicited but practical advice for pm modi focus on 2019, not bihar
crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium to hear namo. soon, ravi shastri will start announcement with how are you kochi!!!!!
it was a great to saw the national anthem of dubai and india.modi is equal to obama now.indian dignified
it s been almost 2 years and dad never forgets to call me 10 mins before modi speeches to remind me to watch it live on tv laughing
maam too many indian muslims in dubai chantng modi modi . pls tweet. im worried for u. are u alive? did u sur
are you gonna meet pm modi in dubai?
modi s marhaba namo speech begins. frenzy, as always. modi in dubai
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium firstpost
all my seniors will be preparing 10 cheat sheets each for me to attack modi and people supporting him in dubai.
this is the moment for indians! perhaps 1st time after gandhi s demise! long live modi.
modi jee is doing very great in all foreign trips! he is in the world news..
this criticism also shows their own pm sri vajpayee in poor light. ....
and narendra damodardas modi runs in from the emirates road end ... aur yeh leg spin, off spin aur yeh bowled!! modi in dubai
ndtv show watching narendra modi
modi in dubai today in , i am seeing a mini pm begins his speech
narendra modi all set to rock again modi in dubai
modi, modi chants welcome pm as he addresses the indian community modi in dubai
there are around 700 flights between uae amp india, but it took an indian pm 34 years to reach uae pm.hahaha are modi tera fenkupan
tomorrow s headlines namo delivers rousing speech in hindi to thousands of nonplussed malayalis in dubai
why to narendra modi
the indian community in dubai says marhaba welcome namo with a grand welcome
what a patriotic amp proud feeling comes when 30000 indians sing the national anthem together. this is effect.
modi has become a brand for india. no denying that. just that if he could have concentrated that on doing some good work. modi in dubai
modi s speech online
pindrop silence in the jam packed stadium when modi speaks...absolutely magnetic. namo in dubai
crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium to hear namo. soon, ravi shastri will start announcement with how are you ko
very proud full moment....modi ji is there...bharat mata ki jai...
jai hind modi in dubai
what are the chances will cut modi speech midway ?
there was a time when crowd use to chant sachin sachin on this ground but today its modi chant and good part is feeing is same modi in dubai
tom vadakan of congress on times now calls pm modi an event manager. why will this f..r call sonia gandhi?
scintillating atmosphere in dubai stadium. heavens torn apart with namo slogan! crowd jampack!! modi in dubai
firstpost pm modi addresses crowd at dubai cricket stadium. live
modi govt development
just like 3 d pictures effect
they out of screen but not reach spectator
govt has not provided safety amp security to muslim minorities in india, amp shamelessly goes towards muslims modi in dubai to beg funds.
whether modi achieves anything or not, i m happy that we know our pm exists , world knows the pm. his marketing and pr is good.
indians in uae not behind in making their country proud narendra modi modi in uae
amazing response by crowd..no other leader could have managed this welcome...we are proud of u pm namo ji..
firstpost you are the people who work hard but also never stayed behind in taking india s glory forward modi
ndtv today in dubai i am seeing a mini india pm modi
firstpost india feels proud because of you pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium
have you asked your mother how much she paid to your nakli unreal spurious father?
now listening to modi live from dubai
watching modi live in ndtv
dubai is swinging with patriotism and emotions great indian pm narendra modi
congis amp are squealing like rats ,stung w envy amp modi s deft political touch. modi does not to bakwas but he does
y superb watching narendra modi live speech
so now i know why modi takes a lot of foreign trips he ll never be criticized abroad ! no idea why nr is love him
if you ever wanted to block a load of people. 602 of them
magical pm modi magic in uae!!!!!! via
politicians after paying for the crowds can never get full house,modi s presence alone sells a full house modi in dubai
there is only one truly rockstar head of state in the world modi in dubai modi in uae
you are those people who have worked hard and are working here for many years. at the same time you are enhancing india s pride
modi addressing 50k people in dubai. maddening crowd. modi in dubai modi live
people whose conscience n intelligence wr sleeping 4 60 yrs, r trending 4 modi just aftr 1 yr
lol
he has aladin ka chirag na wink
luck favors the brave!
modi in dubai whatever people tell against modi he just zips their mouth with his dedication to the nation and his show of mass following
sickukar must see dis pic who says muslims will nvr like pm modi!secular slap to sickular! na mo in dubai modi in dubai
if its rains in india, people in dubai will open up an umbrella. that close they are modi
modi in dubai stadium...euphoria all around. is on the streets asking some cheeky questions and getting slapped?? modiin uae
m narendra modi receives a grand felicitation in dubai
if pak prime minster does same in country every one will criticise that he ruined cricket stadium
you are those people who have worked hard amp are working here for many years at the same time you are enhancing s pride pm
many minorities cheering and having genuine smile on there face while modi speaks, bad time for sickulars
at dubai ..what a crowd !
watching live modi ji..
pm modi address indian community in dubai , live modi in dubai
modi is just being cheesy in uae. i mean, really cheesy x 100
listen to thatcher. listen to reagan. and then listen to modi.
news traders are all watching modi s speech with huge stocks of burnols at their places. systematic demolition
real
modi in dubai today in , i am seeing a mini pm begins his speech h
thank god these media don t write that pm modi arrives at the dubai cricket stadium to play india vs pakistan match!!! hahah.
na mo in uae .... mesmerized by the chanting of namo in uae stadium
the indian in dubai opens his umbrella if it rains too much in india pm modi
via modi app
pm modi says i am witnessing a small india in dubai today india uae
modi unleash
traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill with gst, the trading community will
please watch modi addressing and muslims singing national anthem of india .. proud modi in dubai modi in uae namo in dubai
congrats the congress has accepted greatness of namo. the greatest event of india is mahabharata and everyone knows who managed
it takes a stong leader to motivate the people which is what we see in mr modi
so proud of you sir .
modi in uae narendra modi. watching narendra modi at versova, mumbai
modi in dubai modi appears on stage stay tuned
no doubt that mr modi is a dream come true of the nation ,though its time that concrete results start to come.
amazing response to modi ji in dubai. the people love him modi in dubai modi rocks in dubai
live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium via
and some people discriminate between hindu and muslim . everyone loves india and modi modi in dubai
if you want to see that secularism and nationalism of india, you can see that in dubai right at this moment while modi doing his extempore.
awesome moment... now diggi and khangressis will say modi took 50k people with him to dubai... modi in dubai
namo live on
you are enhancing india s pride pm modi tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium. modi in uae
every time is prime time when a leader like modi ji speaks.
modi is making space for you people out there. smiley
pm modi people working here have contributed in increasing india s pride
uae allowed to build temple ... it s muslims greatness... does it happened in indian ??? modi will allow for babri???
south india.
if there is a problem in india, indians in dubai can t sleep in peace narendra modi modi in uae
his critics are right modi has no influence outside of gujarat smiley just heartfelt euphoria across the world on prince modi !! modi in dubai
marhaba namo modi s opening remarks tell the audience the importance of their support to india, even as they earn their living here.
watch modi live in dubai
may the force be with you
the fearless indian prime minister modi bogged down by politics us think tank
dubai cricket stadium is echoing with cry for our beloved pm. modi modi modi modi
watch modi live .... too good .. one politician whom people love to listen ...
modi in dubai international cricket stadium. who won the toss? modi in dubai
modi magic in dubai...eye opener for so called seculars
i really cant understand you have so much problem with namo.....in everything he does
the indian in dubai opens his umbrella if it rains too much in india pm modi in dubai
modi will bring flood of entertainment modi in dubai
modi has to address in malayalam, the national language of middle east
modi has probably outgrown his passport to achieve slambook status. modi in dubai
no umbrella at my home though, to be honest.
watch marhaba namo live streaming from uaetonguem narendra modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
try again
it rains in india and you offer us an umbrella to help out pm modi in dubai
this man is out of this world...namo
outside india .. narendra modi is a rockstar .. his charm is unmatchable. modi in dubai
fikrokhabar bhatkal online news portal uae allots land for building temple on modi visit
agree or disagree with modi, he is chasing a dream.
this is something incredible! such fanfare! rockstar modi! modi in dubai modi magic
group of hired people are boarded the same flight along with modi ...and same people are chanting modi modi modi modi in dubai
feeling great to see namo being greeted by such a big crowd in u.a.e
. there must be jitters in pakistan
disappointed that modi s opening statement was not in malayalam. modi in dubai
dirty congis looted d country for 10 yrs n left d economy in shambles. what is wrong if modi says he inherited d shit left behind by congis?
this is crazy! so much love for modi modi in dubai
modi in dubai burnol moment for all modi haters
my 3 yrs old daughter watching your speech modi in dubai and saying mumma one day vil definitely meet modi ji. sir plz fullfil her
spirit soars .... in when speaks in praise marhaba namo modi in dubai
when the nuclear test was done in india under vajpayee, india had to face difficulties pm modi in dubai
the lion roaring... modi in dubai. how enthusiastic peoples are.... the one amp only namo can make this. salute to all
that too shouting modi modi..
such an unbelievable welcome..amazing..
india haven t got prime minister like narendra modi.. modi in uae modi in dubai
i heard shortage of burnol in market after seeing modi grand welcome in dubai congresi feel sorry fr u
nailed it !! modi in dubai marhaba namo
forget the hiccups and the doom and gloom msm columns. pm modi s popularity is intact. namo in dubai
congress needs to stop being critical about everything modi says and does. no tolerance for such criticism for stating the facts. modi in uae
this is modi magic.
plenty of pakistanis also present in cricket stadium chanting modi modi...
uff aur jali tch tch
after swacch bharat govt to launch accessible india to help differently abled people, sounds interesting...
this man is simply amazing! a rockstar pm! namo na mo in dubai
you make india proud modi tells the etongueats
every one should watch news channel..modi is addressing dubai indians
thousand cheering bharatmata ki jai in the muslim majority ... uae !!! oh what a feeling ...
na mo modi in dubai modi in uae
modi is bigger than obama.
amazing crowd namo in dubai
okay i love to watch news wen it cums to modi..smiley
if it rains in india, indians in dubai open their umbrellas narendra modi modi in uae
it s been almost 2 years and dad never forgets to call me 10 mins before modi speeches to remind me to watch it live on tv
indian leader narendra modi visits sheikh zayed grand mosque, worker labour camp in abu dhabi
if it rains in india, indians in uae hold up their umbrellas. if there is any problem in india, you cannot sleep well, says pm modi
indian workers are going there post work aka dubai duty free.
the indian in dubai opens his you are enhancing india s pride pm tells crowd at dubai cricket stadium
any channel live telecasting modi s speech?
wide.
i like how modi makes his punch line, then waits for applause, them smiles.
namo slayed opposition again!!! lage rhooo!! modi in dubai
listening to pm modi live from dubai
modi is a living proof of why you need to be a good orator, covers every flaw you may have.
watch live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
arrived 14 minutes early. first punctual in the world. modi in uae
when it rains in india, people in dubai open their umbrellas to protect us pm modi. modi in uae
after sharjah s sachin sachin its now in dubai, after almost two decades modi modi modi in dubai
not modi magic but satsang tour in 2013. also proves muslims intolerant to other faith is sanghi propaganda
marhaba na mo
modi modi modi modi!!
what a gathering what a cheerful crowd.
we proud on you
really a mystery why modi gets a lot of support from nris, right..... not.
just listen to him praising nris.
crowd roars with modi modi modi modi modi. modi with 50k ppl. presenting speech. jai hind.
targeting previous on foreign soil
dubai and the entire world witnesses a phenomenon called as narendra modi! jai ho! modi in dubai
burnol out of stock in india
the mega show of modi
drgarekar let modi and his education minister be educated first... 8 fail chaiwaala and 12 fail multi husband bahu..
coolie dr
ndtv today in dubai i am seeing a mini india pm modi via twit
ndtv it rains in india and you offer us an umbrella to help out pm modi in dubai
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was the pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry pm modi
watching this great mans speech modi in dubai modi in uae modi magic
modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate one must remember th...
love in rain?
watch the video why did pm modi feel ashamed in uae?
namo rocks....india is on a completely different radar cos of namo
modi ji live at dubai international stadium with thousands chanting modi modi.
only has courage to say this in muslim country.. my hero namo
modi ji get burnol moment for many people
muslims residing in dubai singing jana gana mana from the bottom of their heart and shouting modi modi!! this man surely commands respect!
pm modi says nris in dubai have always made india proud modi in dubai
you mean , like what happened in madison square gardens? lol marhaba namo modi in dubai namo in dubai
namo in dubai feeling awesome
we re modern about gay rights. but we ll make fun of this as we can stoop to any level to be anti modi liberals
watch live narendra modi reaches dubai cricket stadium namo in dubai
amazing reception for namo by indian diaspora,mainly keralites and multitude of muslims showing immense popularity for namo.
modi fills up stadiums like upa ministers fill up their vaults.
modi ji the pride of india..making india shine
slow, steady, and sensible modi s new approach to reviving india s banks
unbelievable n great response from dubai people for modi ..
murabba modi
this is craziness for modi
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was he pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry pm modi
people who question na mo wave need 2 see what respect he gets in the world! namo can make india reach where no one can imagine
10 things modi should see before leaving the uae smart cities
modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate one ...
if you want to know how chutiya someone is
just ask them what they think about
modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate
narendra modi addresses crowd at dubai stadium modi in dubai stay tunes
diggy happy modi in dubai visited mosque but never wore skull cap at home. basically he means modi trying to save india from
mms used to condemn blasts attacks in india!!
modi is overwhelmed by indians working and making india proud in uae. namo in dubai
if it rains in india, indians in dubai open their umbrellas namo in dubai
modi never forgets to bring up vajpayee s name in his speeches.
dubai stadium set for pm modi s madison square moment what has dubai stadium got to do with madison sq? just somehow bjp
pm modi shields mms amp fm arun jaitley shields nh culprits.
wah wah but parliament never functions
immense chants of modi and strong support of the indian etongueat family at the arena for modi modi in dubai !
special offer for bhutan holidays packages.
email hikingbhutantravels .com
i liked a video gta v funny moments aka funny suchar milosztor namo vini
met pm narendra modi today. it was great meeting him. i m happy that he likes my painting. modi in dubai
sanctions were put on india. that time, vajpayee ji had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi
modi is addressing the nation again today modi in dubai
bad
thanks to mr modi, our country is receiving a lot of international attention. mod in uae
now i am waiting for modi to say i have an old relationship with dubai. modi in dubai
waiting for some moron spoki to say that dis crowd has been paid to travel from india with modi! modi in dubai
best of 2015
you are those people who have worked hard and are working here for many years. at the same time you are enhancing india s pr
national anthem ... being sung in dubai before pm narendra modi s address in national stadium
modi in dubai stadium...euphoria all around. is on the streets asking some cheeky questions and getting slapped?? modi in uae
and for the modi, only pitch s human free!!!
congies watch what is happening in dubai, audience has not been transported by modi from india. modi is true peoples pm. accept reality.
i can say proudly that when vajpayee called indians abroad for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the most modi
please see any news channel every news is modi modi modi modi modi in dubai
namo is so much influenced by vajpayee ji.
guru shishya ka sambandh atooth hai
oyyyeee... modi is in your country now! everybody is watching him live on tv!!
almost every channel has cut live to show pm s address in dubai.. modi in dubai
dubai cricket stadium is echoing with cry for our beloved pm. modi modi modi modi in dubai
modi i bow to all indians in uae
the huge applause to every modi s statement, is a slap on s face. , boss! tu toh gaya! modi in dubai
marhabba namo
small india is listening u modiji there
on ground we are on screen
modi addressing the people in hindi. bruh if the south indians knew hindi they d still be in india! modi in dubai
when vajpayee was pm, india had conducted nuclear tests amp the world was shocked.many were even angry pm modi in dubai
one thing which i really like about modi is his speech in hindi, our national language, wherever he goes. modi in dubai
and namo begins his speech with bharat mata ki jai... with the chants of modi modi. such a rock star my pm is smiley modi in
following him in
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was the pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry pm
live modiin uae indians working here are making the country proud through their conduct pm modi
where are pseudo seculars, adarsh liberals, corrupt media and vote bank politicians when muslims are chanting modi modi in dubai? smiley
do you really care for these veterans? shouldn t you resign ?
too much etongueosure is making modi boring now
modi does concerts abroad to pay back corporates for lok sabha surprise
india uae good job done by mp modi sahab
all twitter accounts of newspapers and channels have started worshipping modi
modi in uae uae, second home for indians, says marhaba namo
telecast marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai
shri ji plz
modi is aptly using the time till 2016 when rs elections are due.. he knows very well that until that point of time,
bsca modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to facilitate r...
after india s 17 odi matches, time to 1 modi speech. modi in dubai
group of hired people boarded the same flight along with modi ...and same people are chanting modi modi now in cricket staduim modi in dubai
overwhelming cheer and support from the crowd. chants followed with louder cheers for bharat mata ki jai. marhaba na mo na mo rocks in dubai
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was he pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry p
indias who work in gulf countries as labourers have greatly contributed to india pm modi in dubai. modi in dubai
what?
sanctions were put on india. that time, vajpayee ji had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi in dubai
modi live
sent by whatsapp
unbelievable n great response of dubai people for ..
pm arrives at dubai stadium amidst chants of modi modi seculars r nt committing suicide cos who will oppose
na mo rocks in dubai namo says we are proud of you...
they should have used modi placards to troll kejriwal
modi is india and india is modi undoubtedly the best thing ever since gandhi and vivekananda.
indians in gulf countries, especially labourers, have played a huge role in contributing to remittances narendra modi
thats the power of india , thats the power of namo modi in dubai
yah true, as much as bhakt abuses , modi follow that moron on immediate basis...
today need burnol pls help them lol haaha modi in uae
so now seculars, apptards amp liberals will say in uae entire audience of modi s speech was etongueorted from india and all were bjp karyakartas
dear so cld seculars and secular parties in india.kndly chk d gathering in dubai. most ppl r minorities der n cheering for namo.
muslim majority crowd cheering for modi...burn sickulars burn modi in uae
omg modi says apj kalam was india s former prime minister.. at dubai cricket stadium
pm modi in uae uae supports india s bid for permanent seat both nations also agreed to help each other ...
crowd assembled at dubai cricket stadium where pm narendra modi will address indian diaspora later
none of the islam followers offered topi to .. both respected eath others faith, n dats secularism not tokenism preached by liberals
modi rocking in uae. modi in dubai
can u at least acknowledge that our pm modi is loved immensely?
witnessing a mini india here modi namo in dubai modi in uae
narendra modi is one of the greatest indian leaders of all time. i have the utmost respect for him.
if for instance we agree with u still i would like to know in what pappu so duffer is good at.
muslims is isreal chanting modi modi.....
muslims is canada chanting modi modi.....
muslims is australia chanting modi modi.....
modi in dubai could emerge as the leader due to pmo india splendid efforts abroad, provided na mo must deliver
dubai gets ready for mega modi moment
why ask foreigners to make in india, and then subject them to the sort of treatment meted out to nestle?
and no chinese leader has ever gathered their folks in unison likethis.indians are proud of namo.wonder if it s true abt chinese
live stream modi in dubai namo in dubai
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ???
sickulars in india in need of burnol today listening to modi s speech.
modi tells super rich sheikhs of uae to invest in india like neverbefore!
after sachin, if anyone has pulled a crowd this way in india, it s modi. modi in dubai
shri ji plz h
i can say proudly that when vajpayee ji called indians abroad for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the most pm modi modi in uae
all siculars espicially diggi raja must me sulking seeing tremendous response to modi in dubai. proud of namo destiny s child.
pm narendra modi addresses 50,000 strong indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium begins his speech saying i am seeing a mini india .
a peoples prime minister should and is always welcomed like this ..
or na mo na mo
the stadium for modi s speech is full. the last time this stadium was full when india amp pakistan played a match. fabulous welcome modi in uae
indians everywhere
my kiddo watching modi speech on tv and saying bharat mata ki jai on hearing bharat word in speech. schools teach some good things
maan gaya modi ji ki communication style ko. he can play with audience at will.
watching modi s speech on dd news watching narendra modi live speech
watching modi sir live from dubai. modi in dubai
diaspora is very very impo ant if you want to become an influential nation. modi knows it and acting over it very well
is in amp collecting funds for his political party amp not for india. what a shame.
modi in dubai luxury of freedom
kejri can t blame modi as he in dubai onion prices go through the roof, retail at rs 80 per kg in delhi
fikrokhabar bhatkal online news portal sanjiv bhatt, the gujurat cop who took on modi, in the dock for sex vide
nahi dummy. was watching the modi live stream tongue
since modi has assumed office, bharatwasi has got a new meaning.
none of the islam followers offered topi to .. both respected eath others faith, n dats secularism not tokenism preach
modi you make india proud
amazing scenes from dubai.. modi s people connect is next to none.
they can just rant on twitter or on sadak, unki okat hi sadak chhap hai to kya kare hum, modi is doing his work marhaba namo
blueprint of every modi speech. chest thumping, empty talk, campaign rhetoric, absurd promises, cringe worthy phrases and acronyms.
see how indian ex army officers cursing nerender modi watch free all tv programs. apna tv zone
modi in dubai i am witnessing a mini india in dubai
how can we forget late p v narsimha rao, guru of atal ji, the then pm of india who kick started the nuclear issue
all hail our pm
tweet like communal burqa clad skull cap donning uae residents shout modi modi in uae mosque. is idea o
india feels proud for your work in uae and continue to support india for any adversity namo
ofcourse he will. modi is in revenge mode at d cost of d country, out 2 take badla on sonia and nitish
this bohra community has been strength for modi in gujarat too!!
i love india i love mr.norendro modi . we are all feel you mr modi. realy we miss your dear modi.
indians worldwide helped india after abv gave a call following sanctions post nuclear test namo.significant statement on
pic sourc
pm modi in uae i am very optimistic, confident for the outcome of this visit amp modi via
i can say proudly that when vajpayee called for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the most pm modi in dubai
doesn t mind going to a masjid.then why the opposition hypocrites are fuming and fretting? a masjid too is a place of pooja.
muslims is australia chanting modi modi.
never seen such an electrifying atmosphere.this is the unity of indians.sitting even abroad they love modi sir. modi in uae
modi on his way to be a global leader modi in dubai
the most loved and admired leader!
who says muslims hate modi?
half the stadium is filled with our muslim friends modi in dubai
brilliant views by mr merchant
he didn t arrive when the anthem was on. he was there standing for both uae and india anthems. modi in uae
this reaction from inc is not surprising as they have been treated for their chronic disease by a bitter pill by dr. namo modi in uae
go die you fools at these guys were says was modi modi modi namo rocks in dubai
modi in dubai congress is jealous..you maynt have namo but you have raga why dont u develop him..
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi modi in uae
mr. modi really knows how to make it big....
blueprint of every modi speech. chest thumping, empty talk, campaign rhetoric, absurd promises, cringe worthy phrases and acron
namo fever in uae
live from dubai
arab country m bhi house full hain boss
namo effect watching narendra modi
watching modi ji..will tweet later wink modi in dubai modi in uae
pm modi make india proud around the world...i feel proud that i am from india ..
if you love namo just like the nri s in uae loves him ! modi in dubai
scares me how much we worship namo
better than comedy central
and that s the bottom line that modi setups...
modi open bottle of chaas .
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation top news
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi
pm narendramodi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi
over 50,000 watch live
sanctions were put on india. that time, ab vajpayee had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi national news zeenews
watching modiji s speech. we are so proud to have such a legend as our pm. jai hind jai bharat. namo namo.
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple national news zeenews
the so called secular people are amazed by seeing the grand reception given by the royal family to modi ji
a great salute was given by saudi peoples to our prime minister mr. narendra modi for welcoming him in saudi arabia..
modi is electric. we can criticize his govt at times but this is the guy who deserves to be the premier of india.
watching ji speech on
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi the enforcement directorate ed is of the view that no case u
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi on monday thanked the uae government for
thank you. i love narendra modi! smiley
i can say proudly that when vajpayee ji called indians abroad for help, the indian labourers in uae helped the most pm
you is making all of us proud.
let onion prices cross 100 , modi has no concern for price rise, his concern is progress of adani for which frequent foreign tours
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi in dubai
indias who work in gulf countries as labourers have greatly contributed to india pm modi in dubai
fantastic speech by the prime minister. defening chants of namo at the venue marhaba namo
in dubai his supporters chants modi modi,while bjp chants congress,congress in india
na mo rocks in dubai namo says
we are proud of you...
charismatic modi. incredible. full stadium not for rock show, but for a politician! modi in dubai
no no...its a pic of people waiting to receive rahu gandhi in thailand ! namo brigade is spreading false news
modi ll bring billion amp trillions4adani, ambani,etc 4muae bt won t brng a single penny 4r feeders amp protectors
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was he pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry
marhaba namo 50,000 indians etongueected to attend first of its kind reception for modi in dubai via
it s shocking to c such big crowd of keralites who dont support bjp to listen to modi.
pm modi people working in gulf helped india when sanctions were imposed on country
it s amusing how the modi govt has done almost nothing on the national herald and on land sacams by vadra and hooda.
they r left with no option. otherwise people won t watch their channel
pre event pics post event include
shaikh holding jutti amp beating modi by saying sada wazu khrab kr ditta
pm mr to discuss trade, cement energy partnership with .
more at
modi rocks, world watches
responding to atal ji s call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary
pm
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was he pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked
the world popular leader pm narendr modiji we all indian people proud of india jay hind namo modiji
well winners do not do diff things dey do things diffrntly..upa intentn 2 visit visit 2 favour india
so accept you have no guts.
overwhelming cheer and support from the crowd. chants followed with louder cheers for bharat mata ki jai. na mo rocks in dubai modi in dubai
are used to her chants like sachin sachin nw its modi modi modi in uae
bhai was etongueecting modi like welcome from nris
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi modi in uae ani
every party saying modi is good organizer or playing card for electn. if it is so, thn y thy are sleeping from last 34 years modi in dubai
the cow is raising its tail....
congress disappointed with pm modis independence day speech via
i just browsed through my twitter timeline.
more than 80 out of the past 100 tweets are about modi in dubai.
rock start modi smiley
you are those people who have worked hard amp are working here for many years at the same time you are enhancing
indians in uae were looked upon in suspicion.. thanks to dawood. modi brought them respectability .
all true indian muslims christians and hindus support and love modi if you have any doubt just see modi in dubai gathering
because some idiot liberals don t know how they are lucky to have namo as pm. they instead just they criticise..
even supports were unstoppable
modi ji is addressing in dubai!!
alas .. so called congress pm candidate could see it and ponder...
saddest...
that s modi and he is elected by heart and with love!
when atal ji was the pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even angry pm modi modi in dubai
go die you fools at these guys were says was modi modi modi namo rocks in dubai htt
live modi in saudiarbia
modi wave can definitely be seen in dubai.. this kind of response for a politician is unbelievable modi in dubai
indians who work in gulf countries as labourers have greatly contributed to india pm modi in dubai
though i m a modi supporter.. i don t know what to write next..
wow what a welcome for modi in uae! this man is making india proud.don t know what was congress for so long! never even had a proper leader.
and for what are you blaming me for corruption did i help the symbol of black money mr lalit modi
responding to atal ji s call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm modi in dubai
live modiin uae entire dubai cheered when 2014 lok sabha elections results were announced pm modi
just in pm modi addresses indian diaspora in uae modi in dubai
govt has not provided safety amp security to muslim minorities in india, amp shamelessly goes towards muslims modi in d
watching modi s speech on dd news watching narendra modi
watching pm modi s speech live from dubai.
dear pappu, your stand up comedy shows will be bigger hit at world stage than modi s rock shows. i m damn sure. try it.
saudi modi love wins.
this modi.. modi.. modi... chant in the dubai cricket stadium is much much bigger than sachin.. sachin.. sachin.. in india! namo in dubai
rock start modi
70000 people present to listen modi modi in dubai
modi an idiot ! ppl dnt realize ths but in d near future whn thy ll suffr more thn thy ll agree!
modi your remittances are a huge contribution
what does this even mean?
congies watch what is happening in dubai, audience has not been transported by modi from india. modi is true peoples pm.
thank you smiley modi ji rocks
modi in dubai namo rocks in dubai
responding to atal ji s call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm modi live update
all whose intellignce was sleeping fr 60 yrs, r trnding 4 modi jst aftr 1 yr
yay guys he has aladin ka chirag na wink
namos watch is facing up that is weird as always has it down
dubai is now a mini world, not only only india narendra modi
you re equating modi to dictator mubarak for a clever headline reeks of desperation sad, v sad
breaking...
watching narendra modi s live speech from dubai
the only etonguelanation of these modi events is that elite, vocal and influential, charts the way of indian society.
wow what a welcome for modi in uae! this man is making india proud.don t know what was congress for so long! never even had
kapoor was called by local organizers. more important issues to attack modi with
dear pappu, your stand up comedy shows will be bigger hit at world stage than modi s rock shows. i m damn sure. t
i bow to this prime minister ! modi rocks in dubai
that s what u r still doing abusing modi day in day out, carry on modi needs ppl like u for his 2nd term
ndtv sanctions were put on india. that time, vajpayee ji had asked indians all over the
modi in dubai amazing speech going on. modi rocks again. no one can match him
whatever you call, but modi is helping india to grow in every possible way he can modi in dubai
yes, his critics are right modi has no influence outside of gujarat smiley heartfelt euphoria from across d world on pradhansevak! modi in dubai
ndtv responding to atal ji s call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exem
modi travelling everyone, from pakistan to congress.
namo in dubai live speech.. oho man.. house full auditorium.. echoing namo.. wooow!!!
actually modi is wrong. ain t it indian extra constitutional pm sonia u congi govt always worked with hh dawoodji via dubai?
pm modi didnt just visit the grand mosque without a skull cap. he hugged the sheikh. met all 5 brothers. and got cheered
i bow to all indians in pm modi in dubai
50k in dubai cricket stadium.. even a high voltage indo pak wouldnt hv attarcted that mass public..namo cahrisma is still on.. namo in dubai
future tweet by modi wants to etongueand the roots of hindutva in uae by building temple there, minorities are in danger ....
dubai is now a mini world, not only mini india narendra modi
shud speak in cing d no of in
modi in dubai modi in uae namo in dubai
great leader of the world namo namo.
modi implies india capital starved. no. infact we are capital surplus but growth inefficient. what is modi selling? hope not family silver
madam, modi s charisma is unparalleled. look at the crowds that come to hear him, even in india.
pm modi..... live from dubai cricket association..... full house in stadium.... modi in dubai
i m witnessing mini india here namo.
watching ji s speech on
the warm reception and respect pm modi recieved in uae shows what position india has in global affairs modi in uae
you are those people who have worked hard and are working here for many years. at the same time you are enhancing india
i know na mo is making you feel out but i am here smiley
pm modi people from all over the world have come to dubai
and modi has just started demolishing the last weapon left with the msm. modi in dubai.
sanctions were put on india. that time, vajpayee ji had asked indians all over the world to help the nation pm modi in
modi has more hair now..
people from all over the world have come here to dubai pm modi
hello ji watching modi ji addressing indians in dubai
70,000 shouting modi ..modi..modi . never seen this before modi in dubai modi in dubai
congress frustrated on modi s charm
pm narendra modi addresses 50,000 strong indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium begins his speech saying i am seeing a mi
after all modi is modi
don t promote radhe ma here..
dubai celebrated when lok sabha poll results were declared pm modi in dubai
see this..! namo in dubai
na mo rocks in dubai this is the modi magic. na mo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
what modi is saying bullshit in dubai amp idiot s in dubai are cheering. i don t know for what they are cheering.
this independence day, we seek freedom from bhakti
sir. are u getting these pictures?? modi...modi...modi...
many people wish many things, sab sach thodi ho jaata hai. like i wish you are transported to pakistan.
is a clown who is ridiculing himself everywhere like his poses in china. he is bound the fail on promises too
thanks to modi for his kind words to the hard working people of india in uae, soothing are his words ,well what magnanimous
prime minister narendra modi on his way, audience asked to take their seats.
modi pays tribute to nris in the middle east modi in dubai
live pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium
shame on ungrateful leaders ignoring 60 days hunger striking veterans but can fly meet jayalaitha. shame
50000 people gathered just for a speech in dubai. it is possible only if you are narendra modi ....
sir with due respect, my pm is modi and not mudi
crowd chanting modi modi modi. i guess 50,000 together.
i feel proud, when my friend says i know mr. modi
india s biggest stupid found a challenger to pappu... gt
only when he becomes italian! why shame india with such dumbo
if modi would have gone on a tour to villages in india instead of world tour, india would have seen the acche din by now.
entire dubai cheered when 2014 lok sabha elections results were announced pm modi in uae
namo is so much influenced by
vajpayee ji. guru shishya ka
sambandh atooth hai
modi in uae modi ji when will you come to kuwait? we are waiting for your visit to kuwait.
listening to live at dubai cricket stadium. modi...modi...
this is called namo effect!!
wow! addresses indians in uae and the response from them is just overwhelming. hey all are like modi modi modi! namo in dubai
marhaba namo yes it is always a mini india in dubai sir jee election results were electrifying..
the news from out here in the centre is that india has won the toss and mr. modi will now speak.
abe tu ab sach me degree dikha! ch pm
modi is not just another pm of india.none before him cud communicate so well with ppl and raise so much hopes for better days
from newyork to dubai seems namo has lost a bit of fizz. modi in dubai
why modi is so craving about applause and crowd attention ? is he lacking on true merit or true achievements ? i think so !
i m a modi critic but not a blind hater. would love to welcome in saudi arabia. modi in uae marhaba namo
modi modi modi screams do to adarshliberal ears what allah uh akbar screams from a man with a bomb charging at you would do to you
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple
people from all over the world have come here to settle in dubai pm modi in dubai
no one can pull it off like modi. modi in dubai
dubai has a magnetic attraction for all people across the world narendra modi
what kind of magnetic power must uae have generated in terms of growth that everyone wants to come here,says modi
modi modi slogans, selfie all in sheikh jayad masjid. sickulars now left with hobsons choice! either praise modi in uae o
event management is far different to governance. modi ji must speak in parliament too.
you ji make indians proud
chalo, even modi has now said that islam is religion on peace.
the competition is between namo and arnab is it?!!!
and no chinese leader has ever gathered their folks in unison likethis.indians are proud of namo.wonder if it s
modi modi modi screams do to adarshliberal ears what allah uh akbar screams from a man with a bomb charging at you would
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm
modi is like that kid who doesn t know any answers yet manages to write pages and pages and still scores marks for writing the nonsense.
temp in dubai right now is 45 degree bt temp inside dubai stadium is double due to modi wave.. modi in dubai
modi in uae sushma story, funny the way modi ignored , as i ignore barking dog, maybe modi shued them away with bone, as they stoped
modi in dubai watching modi speak feel you with proud as he speaks only about his country and countrymen. i am proud on my pm.
they can just rant on twitter or on sadak, unki okat hi sadak chhap hai to kya kare hum, modi is doing his work
modi takes a breather in speech and chants of modi...modi.. start.
modi magic hasn t faded for nris at least
modi addressing indian diaspora in dubai. pray he addresses the pressing needs of bharat, satisfying all stakeholders with utmost equity.
if modi would have spoke half of wat he spoke in dubai!!parliament moonsoon session would not have been a washout!!! modi in dubai
congress hits out at globe trotter feku modi for criticizing upa in uae
hello pessimistic optimist pseudosarcastic, d0 u want to get free iph0ne 6? please kindly check my bi0. thx
while bjp chants congress congress. congress chants modi modi
have to give it to na mo for his sense of engagement with the crowd. and . modi in dubai marhaba namo modi magic
how does modi manage to enthrall crowd everywhere?? i mean, there has to be some charisma or chord he manages to strike! stop being j, ok?
more than 25lax of indians are still waiting 4 namo like a better indian patriatist will come amp save them .pl.save them sir.
marta kya na karta if they don t who will save them from wrath of
lalit modi to help fund sahara chief subrata roy s release from jail?
why did pm modi feel ashamed in uae?
yes are u hard worker pm modi sir
how to remove context and flatten the excitement. modi in dubai
i wish indians in dubai a happy independence day narendra modi
indians can develop uae by their hard work but can not develop india itself duto modi like kammen leadership.
modi storm hits dubai cricket ground...every sentence cheered like a sixer.. crowd going mad modi in dubai modi magic
today in i am seeing a mini india pm narendra modi
one more power show by and this time in land of oil dubai
i never seen before any indian pm got this much love and blessings around the globe. crowd shouts modi modi always. modi in dubai
do u guys have some special lenses through which u see , even i m not a blind follower but u guys ....
he is also showing namo!
yes pride of india narendra damodardas modi ji
what kind of magnetic power must uae have generated in terms of growth that everyone wants to come here, despite the heat pm modi
modi addressing indian community at dubai international cricket stadium
awesome crowd people are cheering modi modi a speech which comes from the heart not by reading the fold of papers
modi is class
ever seen a pm who is loved by all? meet mr modi smiley modi in dubai
during the visit of modi, uae announced the building of a new hindu temple. gulf twitter lost the plot
i can see a lot of arabs in the crowd watching modi speak. have to give it to him. has so much of attraction unlike his recent predecessor.
namo calls india maa bharati .. he won it here only! a person calling nation as mother can never go wrong! modi in dubai
presence of muslim crowd in modi s concert is a shoe hardly hit on face of our and burn bitches
commented namo on the poll
no modi sayers are destined to be no madic...
and hogging the prime time monday namo in dubai
modi mentions nuclear tests, negates conciliatory message to global muslims. tweet like you know who
modi has more fans than wht undertaker has in wwe.
modi magic
modi in dubai the vote bank politicians in bihar must be peeing in their dhotis while watching the crowd supporting and chanting modi.
this modi.. modi.. modi... chant in the dubai cricket stadium is much much bigger than sachin.. sachin.. sachin.. in india!
half the stadium is filled with our muslim fr
modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb all india muslim personal law board aimplb today said
imagine the strength shown, the magnetic power that has drawn the world here pm modi in dubai
bjp and modi are hit due to this only. there marketing team and information team is v smart
watching narendra modi speech
modi in dubai cong has to get paid people in trucks for raga rally... dubai floods with indians for namo rally
live at .
feeling
come on watching narendra modi
pm modi says i am witnessing a small india in dubai today modi in dubai
oh modi lt 3! you magnificent beast namo in dubai
that s namo for world.
i thought its a thunderstorm but it was s speech in dubai being telecast on tv
every time the crowd chants modi modi today in the stadium adarsh liberals would be punishing themselves with whips. modi in dubai
modi in dubai don t lie to ur self how many times hv u seen a leader addressing 50k ppls at a stadium.stand up 4 modi
how does modi manage to enthrall crowd everywhere?? i mean, there has to be some charisma or chord he manages to strike! s
modi in dubai modi said he s seeing a mini india i bet for sure he must be talking about the meena bazaar in dubai
dubai is not only mini india, but a mini world too pm modi modi in uae
td 1190 the uae has an indian community of over 2.5 million people. modi in uae .. for bringing foreign capital and technology ..
namo has done the impossible!a packed house at the dubai cricket stadium!!
are you watching pm modi on tv too ?? it s trending in dubai too
modi talking to nris in the uae on freedom ah. this and all too over.
pm modi wish all the keralites a happy new year
pm modi to inaugurate rs 6200 cr road projects in bihar tomorrow press release blog
modi fication no tokenism, no appeasement, just social empowerment of minorities, by
my pm, your pm, our pm is really working... after sachin sachin we are proudly chanting modi modi...
is it ?
no, it s ?
no, it is ..
40k people under one roof chanting modi modi ! it s nt india its uae!
instead of foreign visit modi backwards area visit in india became roads and clean that area like when happened always b4 visit.
modi universe gt wwe universe.
i m gud...abhi toh busy in watching modi magic..smiley
even people from cold parts of india want to and enjoy working in 45 degrees heat of dubai pm modi. modi in uae
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium...well played, sir... modi in dubai
modi in dubai live indian prime minister arrives at the venue
modi ji ke bhashan me beech beech me chanting ho rahi hai, great feeling modi in dubai marhaba namo malyali navvarsh in malayali language smiley
congis aapi are listening the namo speech more attentively just so they can find something to make an issue out of
local models,going global meet grace modi
we love modi
i love modi everybody love you modi
pm modi reaches out to the etongueats of kerala on the beginning of new year, speaks in malayalam to greet them
great leader of great country jai hindvery happy
aur fir namo namak thunder se bachne ki koshish karta hai
we dnt go near to bcoz of these sheikh nd shiekhs of arab signe strategic deals with modi
its really amazing energy in modi s reception in dubai namo in dubai
so many muslims chanting modi, modi in stadium. adarsh liberals crying in one corner.
pr or not,namo really knows hw 2 motivate ppl, 2 show em their roots amp make dem look india as mothr dan a mere steppin stone smiley
modi fills more seats in a dubai stadium than pakistan playing their home games round the year.
indians were ashamed of being indians before modi became pm modi in dubai
some pseudoseculars still want modi to prove himself modi in dubai
modi congratulates malayalees on new year in malayalam
this disgust was etongueected from u can not appreciate any thing about modi. modiphoboa
every floor in my building apartment is listening to modi s speech.
modi even shits to etongueloit small rupture in pakistan according to this moron......
modi in dubai wow modi wishing new year in malayalam ...awesome
agree. remittances from nri is more than d average income of if u exclude thr black money modi in dubai
dubai is not only mini india but a mini world people from all over the world love to be here modi in dubai
hindus liking to communal modi clearly depicts the extremism in india.
otherwise modi is known for architect amp butcher of gujarat massacre.
it was abnormal for nri to
show affaction to any pm b4.
now see opportunity ahead waiting
them 2b residents indian in pm namo.
namo in dubai wishing people of kerala happy new year in malayalam. all have gone crazy with clap and modi modi
uae is a magnate which attracts indians from all parts the country. it attracts the entire world now pm modi modi in dubai
modi gets turned on by seeing the infrastructure in dubai.
congress spokespersons across channels senseless trying to find faults with modi in dubai
falling flat on their faces
lage raho!
mo di
congressi and seculars in india crying like babys smiley lol namo in dubai namo rocks in dubai modi in dubai
i bow to indian in dubai.
can the muftkhor fake gandhi even come anywhere near how namo speaks.even with chit,cheat cant speak
1.3 billion indians had an overdose of modi visit!!! crossed the saturation point. not at the cost of tatongueayer.
people from all over the world have come to dubai. imagine the strength shown, the magnetic power that has drawn the world here pm modi
boss namo is speaking mallu in dubai. like udit narayan, but still he is. hope you are in ecstatic trance.
modi just spoke some malayalam. totally winning it.
and malyali in dubai only and only modi
crowd goes into a frenzy modi in dubai
after divisive house session, modi bats for team india
who writes his speeches pahhhh!
and h speaks in malayalam... wishing everyone happy new year! modi modi chants grow louder! modi in dubai
people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival today pm modi
modi is giving election speech in dubai.
okay, a mallu modi. i ve seen it all.
i agree. but in this case the fervor, magnanimity amp namo s presence made it even more special!! smiley
i have already commented on mr modi s great oratorical skills it s a rarity today.
when atal bihari vajpayee ji was the pm, india had conducted nuclear tests and the world was shocked. many were even ang
so you bhakt contradict your 1st tweet that modi brought in 19 billion. priceless idiot. now shut up
i am witnessing a mini india in dubai today pm modi
is lalit modi helping sahara sell its u.s. hotels?
modi doesn t know, 30 of people in that countries population is workforce from india
national anthem of both the nation s sung and the speech has just begun. modi ji appreciates all the etongueats for their hard w
good grief!
34 yrs, 700 flights, no indian pm in uae. modi now imagining what is magnetic power there? earlier pms knew uae has oil.
saaaachiiiiin saaaachiiiin level sharjah style applause for modi in dubai.
modi in dubai the so called secular cong take lesson how modi give india s proud to the int community amp also proud to be indian.
while speaking when ji is taking a pause, people going modi modi modi modi !
lol.. now started in malayalam.. modi in dubai
pm modi in dubai makes a special mention of the malayali community in the uae
pm will speak at 9.30 pm at the mega reception billed as marhaba welcome namo gates of dubai stadium opened hours earlier modi in dubai
now modi is acting that foreign musician who comes to india and opens the act by saying, namaste india and crowd goes mad just by that.
well well well modi is rocking in malayalam. modi in dubai
amazed to see the craze for modi at dubai.
modi in dubai so soothing to hear enchant of modi modi modi !
is still a slave of muslims amp has gone to for asking their help to provide funds for rss political party bjp. shame. modi in dubai
hats off to modi for today s speech in uae modi rocks bharat mata ki jai getting such a great audience is really great thing
well speaking in malayalam must have been the biggest test for modi in his life !! and i guess he passed it..
if you also got goosebumps when namo said bharat mata ki and 70000 people together shouted jai modi rocks in dubai
modi speaks in malayalam. power of the gelf mallus
pm modi wish all the keralites in dubai a happy new year
modi exactly knows how to win the crowd modi in dubai
every week over 700 flights come to dubai from india narendra modi
modi s campaign for kerala started from the right place. modi in dubai
jay jay...
yuvaitv the internet tv initiative from bjp
modi in dubai p mof india modi in uae
atheist krishna shitty article i read till date. amp only fp can post this shit....!!
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi modi in uae .
who gives a fuck what a 2p says. she writes about modi ji to progress herself. who cares abt bitch
today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nation s treasury pm modi
people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival today pm modi in dubai
now watching modi live in uae
omg .... namo just wished happy new year to mallu s in malayali....
pm speaks in malayalam to extend greetings to people from settled in modiin dubai
can t imagine any other leader invoking this muchmuch craze! namo rocks! modi in dubai modi magic
modi modi chants getting louder minute by minute in dubai stadium modi in dubai
oh god! the last bastion falls! now the mallus must be so kicked! modi speaks malayalam
indians in uae were looked upon in suspicion.. thanks to dawood. modi brought them respectability . lt lt lt lt should be tweet of day
malayalees get special mention in pm modi speech. and he speaks a sentence of greetings in malayalam cc modi in dubai
ndtv people from all over the world have come here to dubai pm modi
mere a visit to a masjid will make a change of heart to modi either in india or some where else?
pm modi address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium, says you are enhancing india s pride india tv
narendra modis uae trip highlights indias shifting middle east approach the diplomat
ndtv imagine the strength shown, the magnetic power that has drawn the world here pm mo
really confuse on looking mr. modi what he is exactly
modi should be synonymous with charisma.
nobody played on foreign policy turf like this gentleman.
he is such a...
suddenly all news chanels switch 2 modi speech dubai. but looking so very glum, no comparison us discourseto nri s. isit ill omen bjp
leave rana.. wondering what mms and raga wud b thnkng such chants of modi modi mera number kab aaega..
koi roko, are ppl having fits there?
thanks for such a nice article..after seeing tireless modi, i strongly believe our beloved pm has got this ojassu
breaking modi wins kerala assembly. modi in dubai
overwhelming cheer and support from the crowd. chants followed with louder cheers for bharat mata ki jai. na mo rocks in dubai
wow. modi just wished keralites on chingam onnu in malayalam. the new year according to the malayalam calender.
that smile on malayalis when namo mentioned kerala is awesome modi in dubai
over 700 flights from india come to uae every week pm modi
just noticed that modi is at pakistan s home cricket ground wink
o ho ho ho ho...
malayali !
70000 ppl r getting crazy now !!
modi rocks !!!
see, i had told you. no points for guessing pm modi will speak a few words in malayalam. modi in dubai
rocked with that malayalam wishes to keralites modi in dubai
modi again rock ....but this time dubai modi in dubai
modi wanna say uae is like mini india and india is like uae.. but congress has not done anything no? how india developed?
watch it now..a must watch for every patriot, modi in dubai namo in dubai har har ghar ghar
modi just spoke a few lines in malayalam. and the crowd roared back in glee. hope the commies are listening. wink modi in dubai
leaders cannot be made. they are born naturals. words, language, references, statistics namo is touching all right chords. marhaba namo
why is the wall street journal convinced that make in india is working?
hahaha..kuch bhi..actually if it rains in india, ppl in dubai will open an umbrella.tht close they are modi
today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nation s treasu
madison moment in delhi!
packed stadium erupts into modi ,modi chants during his speech in dubai
bjp4tamilnadu isupportnamo pm modi has started addressing amazing crowd at the venue
modi in dubai saal ek shur
pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium live via
hh sheikh mohammed shahab has win my heart to provide the respect to our great prime minister sri danodhar das modi who is great human being
modi just spoke a few lines in malayalam. and the crowd roared back in glee. hope the commies are listening. wink modi in dub
dear amp please lower down the volume of your tv, that modi..modi..modi..modi could give heart attack! namo in dubai
50k plus people gathered to hear modi. jai hind
malayalees get special mention in pm modi speech. and he speaks a sentence of greetings in malayalam cc modi in dub
wished keralities a happy new year in malayalam. sheikh s enjoying modi s malayalam as well as hindi speech.
modi is next to none in connecting with people. his greetings to the malayali people proves just that! modi in dubai
enjoy? they told you sir?
even the sheikhs are cheering for modi.. lol.. not sure of their context.
woaahh... welcome in all language.
thats modi .. hats off sir modi in dubai
modi reads malayalam from cheat sheet, completely vindicates raga reading hinglish from his own.
congress and modi haters start applying burnol. india uae
this is the largest number of connecting flights between any two countries narendra modi
modi in dubai modi s mass welcome amp reception in uae is a fuckin burnol moment for secular bastards and bastards
modi hits a six with mallu new year wishes modi in dubai
modi in dubai looks like namo has made his inroads to kerala...
pm modi greets people of kerala.
modi visit india uae to crack down on terrorism radicalisation in a move signalling their growing...
people, in spite of popular rejection we bring to you for the nth time baap of nautanki
kyunki main jooth nahi bolta
dubai stadium cheers namo with slogan modi.. modi.. modi..
around 50,000 ppl attended his speech.
do you want everybody in delhi to have a house, a roof over their head? pm modi
modi pm vajpayee had urged etongueats to contribute
watching modi speech...
dubai s magnetic power of development attracts people from all over the world to live here even 40 45 degrees pm modi at marhaba namo
wow great i love modi ji modi in dubai namo in dubai
this shows how much people are excited to meet modi in . a true world leader modi in dubai
ha ha...
can t deny that, u never know!
modi s new year wishes to keralites dubai cricket stadium... modi in uae
congressi and seculars in india crying like babys smiley lol namo in dubai namo rocks in dubai
modi copying twitter lines
at all pseudo seculars houses now after seeing modi s popularity in dubai, modi in dubai
arrey dada is your colleague!
modi is wonderful orator. he speaks only as much content as mms would speak, but his rhetoric is at par with hindi vir ras literature.
modi sure knows how to win hearts of indians living overseas.
look at that crowd go crazy in dubai. modi in dubai
50000 people gathered just for a speech in dubai. it is possible only if u r narendra modi
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra modi on a two d...
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights
if there s one thing modi can do right is deliver a damn good speech. just hope 5 years down the line this still works.
foundation pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights
isbpl pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra mo...
watching, hearing modi ji in dubai overseas is not less than watching a cricket, fifa world cup final..truly miraculous leader.
modi ministry modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate
mr vikas, twitter is not for putting entire statement. as it is being by mr modi we became fed up.put it 1 2 twt
good one modi in dubai
nobody can troll the scamgressis better than namo.
in india, to bring crowd of 50thousand is tough for any politician even after paying money. modi manage to gather crowd of 70k in dubai p 1
modi scores big with malayalees with that malayalam new year wish...
modi gets the attemtion because he commands respect
na mo on fire !!
you love him or hate him but you to accept modi is. mass magician
modi dupes liberals into believing he is becoming secular by visiting mosque. while gets land for promoting hindutva and rss modiin uae
dubai s magnetic power of development attracts people from all over the world to live here even 40 45 degrees pm mod
look at the crowd, appreciating modi who felt orphan from last many years modi in dubai modi in uae
ji u r dynamic.. !!
dear amp please lower down the volume of your tv, that modi..modi..modi..modi could give heart a
modi wishes people from kerala on occasion of kerala s new year in .
it has taken 34 years for an indian pm to come to uae narendra modi
nris have gone completely crazy for their pm. modi modi chants are deafening modi in dubai
greets malayalees in .. and the stadium roarsin delight. modi in dubai
can t imagine any other leader invoking this much craze! namo rocks! modi in dubai modi magic
50k people gathered to hear modi in dubai.
modi modi ... after every sentence he speaks modi in dubai
arshad khan, 43 from who works in , was elated to meet the at the labour camp. modi i
modi modi modi !!!!!! 34years for a pm to be in modi in dubai
pm modi people working here have contributed to boosting india s pride
how pm narendra modi s uae visit offers a new strategic edge to india s middle east policy
burnol time for sikularism cricket stadium is houseful.chants of modi modi fill the air.
namo wishes all malayalis new year in broken malayalam,,and the crowd goes beserck..are elections due in kerala?
pm modi ji is the only one leader who address their own persons in foreign country, he remember malyali nav bharsh
india dubai 700 flights every week, modi says. correct ?
wow! addresses indians in uae and the response from them is just overwhelming. hey all are like modi modi
anand sharma, there u go, modi doesn t give a shit about yr opinion. roll it, shove it.
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi modi in uae via ani news
pm narendra modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium shortly modi in uae via ani news
one must give credit to pm modi. he knows how to catch the attention of the people through his speech modi in dubai
watching modi live on tv,getting goosebumps!
people who says muslims oppose modi now what do u say huhh??!!! modi in dubai
cringe
modi, modi chants fill the stadium after pm greets the malayali community in
when atal ji was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm modi modi in uae via
today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nation s treasury pm modi vi
namo in dubai!!! loved it! thank u modi ji!! n btw... amazing selfie with hh smiley
mini india in dubai greets modi chants , especially the people of kerala for their new their new year greetings on chinga masam first day
pm modi says dubai is not only mini india, but a mini world too modi in dubai
you mean sardesairajdeep, like what happened in madison square gardens? lol marhaba namo
anthonysald dubai stadium set for pm modi s madison square moment what has dubai stadium got to do with madi
revealed modi dint visit uae for foreign relations, he went their to start off bjp s kerala campaign!
that power is called , you dumbo!
that same power is in , , , .
no only rss n modis supporters with paid agency chants modi modi
watching narendra modi live speech
in the end, modi will be a winner...
prime minister narendra modi on a two day visit to the uae is in dubai. he is addressing a 50,000 strong india...
awsme im so happy modi ji wishes all kerala people in malayalam.
namo in dubai terrific response total fulltu with indians it s gr8 thing .
we are proud on pm modi ji
today he is in a uae for make new friends thats make proud for ussmiley
are you watching pm modi on tv too ? hon pm modi in dubai
modi always rocks....everywhere....
modi should end his speech by saying.
if you re still not done wid that..
i have just 2 words for u ... suck it
modi making history in modi in dubai marhaba modi india peaking madness moment
still they are unable to understand the people s support for modi ..
gud sawaal madam! after 30 years of bjp rule 15 of those by modi ji
long live modi for india.
good point there must b something special abt tht people from all over th world, despite th sweltering heat, come here2work.
didi s claim that indians all over the world embarrassed coz of modi not quite in sync with d crowd he gets for his speeches
omg namo speaks in malayalam for people of kerala .look at the crowd cheering
this is huge than madison
tweeples guessed it right , namo wished uae malayalees in their language.
mr.modi ji is pride of india as well as global.
34yr gap is to much we agree but we wish that modi g u could stay in india and shut the cry baby congress for a change modi in uae
modi s another kick to morons.
watching speech in live! what a leader and orator. great choice of points and punch delivery.
if modi ji really wanted to praise kerala, he should ve told that mohan lal was better in drishyam than ajay devgn modi in dubai
modi in dubai at last modi has proved he is secular. he is equally adept at begging from christian amp muslim countries
thats right
watching modi s speech on dd news. boycotting paid media.
dear rahul gandhi, modi is also using cheat sheet for his speech...so what if he is reading something in malayalam
people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival toda
swaminomics mr modi, dont let bihar distract you from ruling india
modi has brought nris back to cricket stadiums.
now etongueect from adarsh liberals after namo s malayalam greetings
namo in dubai marhaba namo . dubai rocks at pm modi s tune. historical moment for india and indians settled in uae.
.words best leader in namo
full text of service chiefs to pm on
that s our modi modi in dubai
those in the past have left a lot of good job for me to do pm modi
modi rubs salt over fuming congress again by mentioning the same line again that it took 34 yrs for pm to come here. says lots left over me
it s over a year, the craze shd ve come down, but it hasnt. unbroken chants of modi modi for people of all hues, amazing energy despite heat
if it rains in india, indians in uae hold up their umbrellas. if there is any problem in india, you cannot sleep well, says pm
in dubai modi managed to get land for temple..
in india, suckulars rushed to stores to buy burnol laughing
zee cinema pe big brother chal rahi hai. if u r done with modi s tareef of yourself laughing
every week more than 700 flights from india arrive in dubai, but it took 34 years for an indian pm to travel here. pm modi marhaba namo
modi in dubai feeling proud to be indian thanks to pm modi
s dawood in
crowd of 35k filled in cricket stadium chanting modi with enthusiasm.... really proud moment fo indians in modi in duba
indian always played the key role 4 development in any part of the world but in our country they r just different
amazed by the professionalism they have at this young age.. anju modi on ranveer singh, deepika and priyanka.
if modi ji really wanted to praise kerala, he should ve told that mohan lal was better in drishyam than ajay devgn
my my my...
look at the kinda reception modi is receiving! this is just wow! modi in dubai he s clearly the fav of the younger generation.
modi. a master of sly. modi in dubai
you are mocking modi s spelling.. not fair
finally pm modi solved what it was in jiya jale song in malayalam modi in uae
burnol moments for modi haters
epic trolling
i wonder what hurts adarsh liberals more, seeing modi s popularity or india s cultural display. modi in dubai
while 27 people died in bangkok, the whole shebang of marhaba namo is being blasted across the indian channels. indian media
you are best may mp pm modi ji
narendra modi thanks his predecessors for giving him this visit
modi is a majoritarian everywhere. there are indians of other states there, too
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took 34 years for a pm to visit this nation pm modi
like it or not, he is a crowd puller. modi in dubai
ab bas karo priti ji. national anthem is special to every indian s heart. modi cant make it any more special.
pm modi people working in the gulf helped india when sanctions were imposed on country
bomb attack is against modi visit to uae. isi hand may be
modi in dubai modi the biggest showman. the biggest statesman.
i see a mini india in dubai pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai modi in uae
modi hitting sixes amp fours like sachin tendulkar scoring on shane warne in 1998. modi in dubai
prime minister modi live at the international cricket stadium modi in dubai
it s over a year, the craze shd ve come down, but it hasnt. unbroken chants of modi modi for people of all hues, amazing
it feels lyk there is cricket match in which the team is of modi,players r modi,fans r modi ,so much love namo rocks jai hind modi in dubai
did modi just speak a line in malayalam?
modi to uae india has 1 trillion potential, invest in it via
even if modi says you are all idiots to the crowd, they will applaud.
now modi has started hitting cong out of the ground in dubai s stadium ! modi in dubai marhaba namo
modi addresses indian community at the dubai international cricket stadium modi in dubai
modi in dubai congress feeling heat as pm modi on foreign soil
there are 700 flights between india amp dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here pm modi modi in uae
namo rubbing it in. a region with heavy indian populace.but took 34 yrs for a pm to visit.says his predecessors left these for him.
the last time so many people sang the national anthem was during when playe modi in dubai he is a rock star. chants of modi modi
modi mass so many flights are there btwn india nd uae but it took 34 years for a pm to visit this nation
that was as much malayalam as i am russian.
oh my god
watching marhaba namo... such a great speaker!! what an extraordinary reception!!
namo gives new year wishes to people in language. modi in dubai marhaba namo
modi in dubai modi!! modi !!modi echoing in the ground lyk never b4 not even during the cricket matches..rockstar pm
2 yrs silence for the etongueerts who predicted that relationship with the middle east would collapse if modi ever became the pm
the first few words of indian pm narendra modi at dubai!
na mo in dubai pmoindia
some one just remaind im nah
pm said today that it took 34yrs for an indian pm to visit uae ,the pm who visited uae is forgotten by mr. modi! ununderstandable
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took 34 years for a pm to visit this nation pm modi in dubai
the guy next to me succinctly summarizing namo s speech so far, mera general knowledge badraha hain namo in dubai
just think as opponent of narendra modi, how depress you can be after watching this kind of rally with indian diaspora
as u always blame modi for adani. adani build mudra port near kutchh remember? jo karte he soch ke karte he
watching, hearing modi ji in dubai overseas is not less than watching a cricket,fifa world cup final..truly miraculous leader
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra modi on a two day
modi in dubai modi may have achieved nothing! he touches the heart of every indian abroad and makes them feel proud indians. no pm did in 68
but there is no modi wave!
aapi
pm modi in his second year is like president obama was in his second. popular at home, but far more popular abroad. modi in dubai
every week more than 700 flights from india arrive in dubai, but it took 34 years for an indian pm to travel here. pm modi
thats the way to roll namo sir.
proud to be an indian.. keep going modi in dubai
oh..! modi wishing keralites in malayalam..
gud try..keralites r so crazy..chants modi modi n ll vote 4 cong cpim laughing
lt 3 s attempt at malayalam! way to go!
the sad part about modi haters is tht they ll nvr be able to relish era of india s most extravagant pm. marhaba namo modi in dubai
nawaz visits countries to get degrees and vacations amp modi visits to meet his countrymen amp monetary aid. modi in dubai
modi should change is to
right now, i am listening to the speech by narendra modi. i have to agree and really admire his ability to take the crowd with him.
true that.
agree. remittances from nri is more than d average income of if u exclude thr black money
2 yrs silence for the etongueerts who predicted that relationship with the middle east would collapse if modi ever became
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians in dubai, starts with bharat mata ki jai
modi in dubai am witnessing a mini...
india does not have any capital.
s power in . should watch this achievement of . proud to be an indian
every week over 700 flights come from india to uae. but an indian prime minister takes 34 years to visit uae. pm modi modi in dubai
that it isn t so right now is a fault of vajpayee govt 1999 04 and one year of modi govt. i think.
we are waiting namo ji speech
this place can be your next discounted holiday destination. mention that you are from the modi land. wink
earlier we heard slogans like want 6 n 4 in tht stadium,2day its chant,single hand bowling,batting marhabanamo modi in dubai
modi says i have been given task of finishing many good tasks!!!
jgh from gc torres with a good friend of mine. goodnight! god bless sa quizzes namo ugma. hehehe lavan pharma!
live from dubai listening to narendra modi
astonishing crowd to hear namo at dubai! can t think of any other politician who could manage this rock star reception in arab world!!
once a congress leader said modi ko gujrat ke bahar janta kaun hai
cock teasing with huge investment opportunities and whatnot.
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra modi on
a great leader to influence people across the globe that s only mr.modi ji...
watching narendra modi live speech at dubai international cricket stadium
namo just fingered cong. chuna laggaya ! i love it modi in dubai
there are 700 flights between india amp dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here pm modi india tv
the show man is back,this time venue is arab country uae muslims majority modi.modi.modi everywhere feeling proud of u pm saab modi in dubai
modi criticized congress again...
isn t modi wishes...congress yells on him,?
modi ji hitting four and sixes at dubai international cricket stadium ... well played sir
modi has time to condemn bangkok blast, but no time to condemn comment attacks by pak on border! 56inch chest is for nri s only
dubai chants namo namo in a full house address by
wish could subtitle modi s speech for me
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took 34 years for a pm to visit this nation pm modi in dubai ht
great work by pm modi
is modi wearing a pochampalli dupatta ?
it is pride of telangana weavers.
dubai madness for a politician ! wow !
modi is not a politician , he is a pradhansewak , a tea seller and a rockstar ! modi rocks in dubai
thats why pm has not visited uae for last 34 years.
what a rousing welcome cheering pm is getting, doubt whether any other p mof india has ever got.
even the mosques in the arabia are celebrating shri narendra modi s visit by bathing in the saffron color....
muslim cheering for modi ur propaganda lost smiley
never seen scenes before in dubai. ......namo
national anthem at dubai watching narendra modi live speech dubai
you are the people who enrich india
modi i thank my predecessots for giving this opportunity to visit dubai after 34 years. modi in dubai
modi has now conquered a muslim nation as well .. burnol to pakistan !! modi in dubai
the largest non sport related? gathering in the uae ever by pm modi.....
one thing clear ... modi magic hasn t faded away modi in dubai
being a banker, totally understand modi s big plans...
. under sever depression. weeping with chest beating rudali... unable to cope modi wave in dubai.
. modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but it s too early to celebrate.
live pm modi addresses indian community in dubai, says he s witnessing mini india
modi sir is a good p m of india
the people who used to criticize modi earlier have also started praising him.
pm modi ji is the only one leader who address their own persons in foreign country, he remembe
one hindu temple attack means attack on all hindus. attack on me! attack to , attack to amp !
dear did you hear how the crowd cheered when namo said it took 34 yrs for a pm to come here modi in dubai
modi is not a politician , he is a pradhansewak , a tea seller and a rockstar !
the song and dance by the pardesis each time modi visits pardes has lost its steam y.a.w.n. modiin uae time for results bahut hua nach gana
madam wait till 2024. after 10 yrs of modi rule all your wishes will be fulfilled.
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi ache din
modi fails to correctly pronounce a single word of malayalam right in his new year wish to the mallus! modi in dubai
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple ache din
wat else this guy know other than finding negativity in everything pm modi does
live modiin uae watching speech of crowds chant modi, modi as they hear his speech
sir you look alike modi sir
sarcasm in modi way 700 flights from india to dubai in a week and yet it took 34 years to reach dubai an indian pm . true though.
ndtv packed stadium erupts into modi ,modi chants during his speech in dubai
medias instd of criticing modi s achivements can atleast shut their.....mouth n keep watching.....!?!
modi in dubai ...today in dubai i am seeing a mini india pm modi
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took 34 years for a pm to visit this nation modi in dubai
ndtv so many flights are there between india and uae but it took 34 years for a pm to v
wished keralities a happy new year in malayalam. sheikh s enjoying modi s malayalam as well as hindi spee
there are 700 flights between india amp dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here pm modi modi in dubai
no reference to sharjah. bleddy elitist modi.
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took 34 years for a pm to visit this nation modi
national anthem in dubai.... time stood still! modi
.kishkindha modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but it s too early to celebrat
after 34 year s dubai is sounds with
since an indian premier has come after so long, indians here have the right to etongueress anger narendra modi
pm narendra will announce a special package for news gram
good that ppl like u amp rajdeep dont hide ur hatred for modi amp love for ak. did not hear ur take on ak show on 15 aug.
na mo there are 700 flights between india amp dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here. modi in uae modi in dubai
responding to ji s call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm narendra modi
mms was smart he used to deal through phones
optimum use of technology
udhar jaake bhi campaigning nahi chodega
1. om we begin with om, the under current tone of the universe
2. namo means...
50000 people..rocking ... modi....modi rocks...gress shocks
what a branding of india by modi !
modi knows how to attack on emotions.
an exceptional orator indeed.
its juz amazing to c namo speaking. n look at the crowd, thr is no hindu or muslim, indians r thr with strng support fr namo.
that applause showed the amount of keralites in front of now modi in dubai
like the way pm modi taunts congress smiley
when was pm, india conducted a nuclear test, the world was shocked, some people were even angry about that pm
seeing modi in dubai, 1 thing for sure.....his magic has come down lolllzzzz
it is also true that narendra modi does things in a different manner. may be one of the first time a pm interacts with workers.
modi is doing very good
watching pm modi speech!!!
modi in dubai indian pm in dubai after 31 years ....master stroke from namo
ala chaala countries velladu first time in 20 yrs, 30 yrs ani. foreign policy and affairs maatram super modi vi.
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs 5 lakh cr boost trade
indian lion roars in dubai stadium with 50k public
this is my first visit to uae. i have never been here before pm modi
marahaba namo
because they are umbrella arab emirates?
today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nation s tre
more than na mo fans...haters are watching namo in dubai closely !!!
in and what a moment it is... indians out in the heat welcoming a true
that moment when modi caught my........attention!!!! modi in dubai namo in dubai
such euphoria !!!!! no doubt pm modi rocks !!!! modi in dubai
modi is a lion, when he roars world listen. he is nt ghar ka sher.he is reallion
dearmam you ve given a wonderful suggestion.a separate ministry headed by anri for nris
. today in dubai i am seeing a mini india pm modi
modi gulf countries were ahead in helping india
why not when foreigners can?
rockstar modi jee is rocking in uae...
70000 indians
watch now...
ask modi to set things right then
pm modi addressing huge crowd in dubai... wow what a great moment.. modi in dubai
whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u. or u r paid to hate. namo in dubai
anand sharma, jha working overtime to find faults in modi speech for tomorrow s pc amp tweets!
modi speaks malayalam in uae. earlier he spoke punjabi and gujarati in canada. is he advancing stereotypes? 900 words.
what a crowd and what a response from them. modi is god. modi in uae
is everywhere in dubai modi in uae modi in dubai
dear did you hear how the crowd cheered when namo said it took 34 yrs for a pm to come here
thought of sharing it important part of pm visit is nabbing long term target dawood ibrahim.checkout.
modi should change his to
the most awesome tweet modi in uae super well said
thay all love modi ji..
love pull them to make huge crowd
leaders in abu dhabi and dubai have showered me with love, will never forget it narendra modi
worries
50000 people..rocking dubai...narendra modi....modi rocks...gress shocks
being connected with dubai for so many years ....it feels great to hear namo. ..he is really connecting the dots
epic line wink
the crowd that s cheering at modi s each word consists of hindus as well as sizeable muslims amp christians. cc aadarsh liberals modi in dubai
looks like the only thing congress knows to do is cry and create a scene towards everything that modi does. fucking idiots.
pm modi s uae visit day 2 the times of india
didn t modi say something on these lines when he visited north east india?
many sanctions were imposed on india, nation was facing economic threats, then called on indian community spread across world
far from cuttin his criticism of cong abroad. modi at it again in dubai sayin tho there r daily flts frm india it tk 34 yrs 4 a pm 2 visit
pm modi wishes kerala new year to kerala community in malayalam. they re impressed. mirchi to congress. modi in dubai
whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u. or u r paid to
modi in dubai there are 700 flight from india every week to dubai and still it took 34 years for a pm to visit uae. at his wits best.
modi s one line of malayalam...got him thousands of keralite die hard fans
after sachin sachin...
now its modi modi in cricket stadium
marhaba modi
every time modi gives a speech and takes a pause i feel he will say if you smell lalalala what modi is cooking modi in dubai namo in dubai
rajeshanjuu brownbrumby ab bas karo priti ji. national anthem is special to every in
mini india with only 50,000 indians
is it a joke????
same stated he in australia too tongue
avinash ravindranath the last time so many people sang the ... india defends
adding glorious tag 2 our country india
the crowd that s cheering at modi s each word consists of hindus as well as sizeable muslims amp christians. cc aadarsh libe
there are about 700 flights between amp yet it took 34 years for a to visit . good one modi. modi in dubai
from a bhakt modi s to another sonia s . get a f cking life lady.
.call 24 hours bharat bandh together oppositions against pak aggression amp silence of modi govt
the scamgress party was sleeping for 34 years. rip van winkle woke up today after modi visit
empty chairs at modi event in dubai, gathering of only a few hundreds. tweet like ndtv
amazing crowd shouting modi modi modi!
dear
u want these ppl 2 enter parliament
in dubai. wat a burnol moment for pseudo seculars and namo haters. modi in dubai modi magic
sorry modi time right now
that s what is called beating with boots by covering enemy in silk shawl . well played mr. butted hard. modi in dubai
modi has lost it completely..saying same thing again and again..
awwwwww that cute hij haayness by modi
modi implies india capital starved. no. infact we are capital surplus but growth inefficient. what is modi selling? hope not f
can t disclose if kgb records on netaji searched govt
another volte face by modi led govt
point
can u tell me any reason to hate modi or not being a bhakt
proud bhakt
dubai chant marhaba modi
what this fellow modi ji doing in dubai. ??
i am missing tv now for live tv of modi ji speech.
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi. modi in dubai
more than 700 flights come to dubai every week. but it took an indian pm to come here after 34 years pm modi at marhaba namo. modi in dubai
ji thanking crowne price for coming to airport to pick namo.
but can modi score a century against australia at sharjah?
modi is a rockstar.. a true genius when it comes to public speaking modi in dubai
is modi speaking on behalf of india or self? is he just narendra modi? or india s prime minister? modi in dubai
pm modi speech is like a triple century on debut at dubai cricket stadium by any indian pmo india dubai
pm modi is hitting six sixers in dubai cricket stadium with every dialogue hats off
mr modi, dont let bihar distract you from ruling india
reality check
modi should stop behaving like a pm of bjp and start behaving like the pm of india. atleast when he s representing us abroad petty politics
wonder how much burnol will b needed aftr today s speech of modi ji... i guess thy will need lots amp lots of it
modi...modi...the great indin pm..uae visit poerfull visit.
today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nation s treasury pm
. modi is trying to portray vajpayee as a old amp lazy chap
his highness and all five brothers came to the airport to receive me, it s a great honour narendra modi
that moment when modi caught my........attention!!!! modi in dubai namo in dubai h
nandan 1980 ddnewslive modi gulf countries were ahead in helping india
the uae crown prince and five of his brothers welcomed me at the abu dbahi airport modi
modi is rubbing it in..enjoying it...smelling jealousy in congi circles
modi ji s 15 months as pm.
rally gt jumla gt foreign tour gt silence gt repeat
seems the vdo is deliberately cropped to hide chants of modi modi. get a life times now.
there are 700 flights between india amp dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here pm modi
you also predicted that modi will lose elections in 2014. amazing level of hatred for pm. you are really a piece of work.
why does modi get so excited when some head of state comes to the airport to receive him...its been done before !
its great etongueeriance to listen modi ji.
wah wah.modi.india...great...conecting world...!
true, always has the right tricks up his sleeve, simply adorable....
would have watched modi s speech lekin national herald case ne dil tod diya.
pm modi wishes kerala new year to kerala community in malayalam. they re so impressed!! mirchi to congress. modi in dubai
why not modi asked then prime minister atal bihari vajpyee to visit uae , so that it wud not hv taken 34 yrs to indian pm !
700 flights come on weekly basis from india, but took 34 years for to come to watching narendra modi
modi in dubai namo wished malayalees in their language. kerala people excited
it s a fraud ab initio played on hardworking indians in dubai is throwing at these indian workers jumla king modi modi in dubai
these adarshliberals think modi is uniting hindus
they will never understand that he is uniting indians all over the world like never before
more than 700 flights come to dubai every week. but it took an indian pm to come here after 34 years pm modi at
burnol moment for bhakts.
imagine if mms visited uae modi himself would say that..
this what he does....lathi charge ex service men who guarded the nation and hide lalit modi black money
his highness modi modi in dubai
we can t change this fact that our pm modi is a political celeb in its own kind. this man has huge number of fans including me too... wink
modi in dubai modi s new year wishes on malayalam....
pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast at hindu shrine in bangkok the indian etongueress namo namo
all opponents knocked out and stadium is buzzing with name of ultimate champion macho wrestler...modi modi modi
700 flights between india amp dubai, but it took an indian pm 34 years to come here pm modi modi in dubai
today i take pride in saying,that indians working hard in gulf countries had a major contributions in filling nation s tr
power of .
dear khaleej times. are u seriously journalists? we in india not used to any ve reporting of modi by any media. good job.
subtle punches inspite of 700 daily flights it took 34 years for pm to reach here
modi in dubai the only rockstar i have ever seen in indian politics having fans all around the world is none other than narendra modi.
dubai stadium reminds me of
empty seats during
pakistan cricket boards
cool amp cool cup
afridi 0
modi 1
and pm modi says some lines in malayalam smiley practicing for the kerala elections campaign in april 2016? tongue
veterans booed out rahul g.
will mete out same treatment to cpi n aap.
agitating becoz hope modi ji will listen.
no hope
pm narendra modi ji is addressing to indian community people of uae in dubai cricket ground modi in dubai
narendra modi visits the uae, becomes first prime minister to visit in 34 years. narendra modi app
1..2..3.. liberals, start creating controversy around this now.
love amp respect to uae
modi dubai is home to large number of people from kerala
sigh! 34 years!!!
now, thinks how saraswati maa blessed her child narendra modi, without efficient speech you can t make personal contact with so big crowd
indian journalists incapable of either serious journalism or good sarcasm
modi mitro fuck this shit. lets rock the world. modiin uae
high highness crown prince came to greet me at the airport with his brothers pm modi marahaba namo
one hindu temple attack means attack on all hindus. attack on me! attack to , attack to amp ! htt
modi is a twitter troll at heart. trolling cong left liberal at any given opportunity namo in dubai
tweets with analogy s popularity today is like rajesh khanna s in th 70s. whatever he touched, turned 2 gold. ditto . modi in uae
omg !!! what a reception of modi in dubai it is modi magic ! hear the crowd roarrrrrrrrrrrr only 1 name
read, modi trip will only be complete when he drive car with a lion as co passenger. idiots there can t be two lions in a car.
people chanting modi modi, like he just defeated australia in middle of a dust storm
in other words, pm begs 1 trillion from .
uae won t oblige in reality.
neither did .
nor .
if you also think that chants of today reminds you of in a cricket stadium. modi in dubai modi in uae
modi non stop from dubai....just amazing ..
apparently last pm was allowed to work only at room temp of 25 degree celsius. 45 deg wld had fried his circuits?
every time modi gives a speech and takes a pause i feel he will say if you smell lalalala what modi is cooking modi in d
india and the uae step up strategic and economic cooperation
shame on this so called muslim king of performing puja with in temple. modi in dubai
india elected modi believing he s an allrounder
modi turns out to be a funny commentator.
india needs
a player nt a commentator
modi s love.. slap on our ex government
narendra modi wants to become next father of nation !!
thank you mr.modi. very best wishes to you too. it was incredible to hear you wish the dubai malayalis in malayalam
modi is a magician. man. too good. marhaba namo modi in dubai
pm modi greets people of kerala on the occasion of new year festival
today ....narendra modi in dubai.... the indian s came there for him....looked pictures.
,
a little modi fan from dubai ...
pm s trillion dollar promise 10 things he said to investors in uae
prime minister narendra modi on monday urged top businesses in ..
valid point!!
i have never seen anything like this before. it surely still is the modi wave. modi in dubai
hope you wont hate muslim counties now who are giving respect to modi in spite of what he did laughing
awesome modi, god of india
did this tweet make you laugh ? if yes, would you consider ing it.
if modi is complaining that no indian pm visited the gulf in 34 years, he should ve asked shri atal bihari vajpayee to go when in office.
i am specially talking to the ppl of kerala who are celebrating their new year festival modi
all predecessors have left the good things to be done by namo! v r lucky that u hv taken up
at least 5y silence 2 yrs silence 4 etongueerts who predicted relationship with me would collapse if modi ever became the pm
after modi s mention kerala and malayali, congress jaw had been dropped from its mouth.. modi in dubai
my respect is the respect to the indians living here, and to india s changed image narendra modi
a true at 64 one and only
so my friends right on the news that last 10days lots of influx of keralite relatives in uae
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs 5 lakh cr
more than 50,000 non resident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium
modi mania in the uae live what is it about him that driver the crowd crazy?
modi is hitting sixes in modi in dubai amp its hurting at 2 places
1.pakis who lives in ummah.
2.sickulars who could have never imagined it.
if modi can delight his bhakts by visiting mosque, imagine how thoroughly they will be enthralled when he goes for haj modi in dubai
seeing live again from dubai how precious was my vote was in 2014 ! jai namo jai hind !
it s a houseful ! dubai cricket stadium resounding with modi modi....incredible atmosphere. na mo rocks in dubai
leave us all, modi is the biggest sanghi troll
they will never understand that he is uniting indians all over the world l
we have to show that we are making efforts for a peaceful resolution and get a seat at the un.depends which is more imp 4 namo
its the namo show in dubai... modi in uae
what nonsense is this people of uae going crazy over modi?
does uae people stand for united arab of effete people?
that moment when modi says malayalee and people lose it tears of happiness that malayalam tho. namo in dubai
the awesome thing about narendra modi is that his speeches are not scripted .. he speaks from heart .. love it !! modi in dubai
modi wishing happy malayalam new year to mallus in malayalam in gelf! the man really knows how to write a script! modi in dubai
modi spoke in malyalam? seculars wil start teling now is modi started his kerala campaign
pm modi to announce orop for the soldiers of brundui.
modi in dubai irrespective of what religion they belong to all love our most lovable pm modi he is d gr8 unifier of people around d world
modi wave reached dubai. madi in dubai
now that modi has concurred thubai he can easily win kerala..
presstitutes,congis,are unable to come to terms with new reality in the country.they better get use toit permanently
see the sheer numbers of muslims in crowd. and then seclibs says modi still need to prove himself to muslims.
hello cant you see.
modi! modi! modi! best hooting in a cricket stadium after sachin! sachin! sachin! modi in dubai
modi s speech is wow
modi modi modi modi............that s what you hear when he is there.
modi the rockstar rocking at dubai.
you can watch modi ji live..please access the below link. dont miss...
modi in dubai modi magic .. proud to have a pm like him..
india, the uae agree to counter extremism and terrorism in the entire region collectively
truth b told,modi s malayalam is still better than shashi tharoor s... modi in dubai
pm modi india taking its place on global stage is a reflection of its changing face
u.s., india leaders meet to improve cybersecurity cooperation ahead of obama, modi meeting next month
looks like crowd is told to shout modi modi after evry 2 minutes. modi in dubai
i will never forget the love and affection i received here modi in dubai
wtf....hope it becomes true...
modi modi modi, making indians proud after 69 years of independence..
modi modi chants in dubai... hope he does something to get these in india..
modi now got a gulf friend as well modi in dubai
first national anthem,bharat mata ki jai in arab nation ,greetings to keralites in malayalam.. namo clean bowled many adarsh liberals.
people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival today
did modi ji call crown prince rashid or maktoum?? modi in dubai
via narendra modi app modi in dubai
aa craze chusthunte mental ekkepothundi not less than any film star modi you are rock star ya modi in dubai
modi is wonderful orator. he speaks only as much content as mms would speak, but his rhetoric is at par with hindi vi
amidst all the excitement amp grandeur at marhaba namo the worst thing seems to be namo speech modi in dubai
ds man frighting of modi s success.i want to ask y he not attended parliament.y he condemned terrorist attacks.
wtf.....no power in my native to watch modi ji speach live modi in dubai
because they were busy doing their job?
congress be like...after listening modi speech in dubai modi in dubai
listen world! how the uae king n his family received modi in dubai! jealous can burn in hell! modi in dubai
gotta love pm modi and his charisma!
after seeing mass that greet modi every indian proud of him sorry gandhi family
its juz amazing to c namo speaking. n look at the crowd, thr is no hindu or muslim, indians r thr with s
so, 40,000 clap, whistle, chant modi in dubai cricket stadium, as pm plays to the gallery. speaks in malayalam, crowd cheers.
even if you are a modi fan, you d agree that the best crowd puller in uae has been !
ndtv more than 50,000 non resident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai crick
why isnt there an indian flag in the picture ?
congress and left are baffled with modi s craze in islamic nation but over that their biggest source of funding drying
joint statement between the united arabemirates and the republicofindia
when you have modi make it not lalit
when you have rahul make it
not gandhi
remember
modi in dubai i ve never seen so many ppl gather together in dubai etongueect during ramadan, modi effect wink
hahaha it seems modiji took standup india too seriously. modi in uae
but can modi score a century against australia at sharjah? that too on with laxman on the other end and making running difclt.
smitaprakash malayalees get special mention in pm modi speech. and he speaks a sentence of greetings in malaya
let s end this awful day with this image of the brahma temple. prayers for thailand! om brahmaye namo
i see before me here a mini india pm modi tells 50,000 indians at a stadium in dubai
na mo magic is still continue watch it live now...from
if someone comes here as pm after 34 years, it s natural for people here to get angry pm modi in dubai
love you modi ji. proud of our pm...
modi dubai is not only mini india, it is mini world
more than 50,000 non resident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium. modi in dubai modi magic
fact. waiting for the punchline.
faces of people in d crowd listening to modi s stupid speech gives an impression that they hv been forced to sit out thr
namo in dubai... amazing speech. feeling proud.
modi s popularity among the masses and the diaspora in other countries, is a source of great jealousy and disturbance for congress.
narendra modi abu dhabi
first 10 minutes of pm narendra modi s speech in dubai has enhanced his popularity by 10 votes.
10 days of its...
mam listen to modi for now. you won t be disappointed.
modi is playing with their minds......
modi in modi modi in dubai
jubilant crowds throng stadium for pm address namo in du
muslims in the crowd also cheering for modi. adarsh librals have tough days ahead. modi in dubai
modi in dubai what a rocking show of modi at dubai stadium...
leaders like modi are born once in a century modi in dubai
modi the great politician
made india and indian s proud
superb modi keep it up
modi loads his speech in such a way, he addresses one consituency of people. a political stateman, unparellelled in history. namo in dubai
only modi modi modi is not suitable bharat bharat bharat is suitable modi will change but bharat will not change
modi has already won the world you just seeing it in kerala .
well said manish tiwari ji.... hope modi sir will visit indian mosques....
if modi can delight his bhakts by visiting mosque, imagine how thoroughly they will be enthralled when he goes for haj modi in
sushma has bellary brothers lineage and jaitely has bcci ipl scam n scandals in his kitty. good luck modi with such lietenants.
can never forget the love and welcome that i got from crown prince. the love is not directed to a person but to the 125 cr indians pm modi
just look at dubai. this is modi magic, india s prime minister and we are proud of modiji. modi in dubai
modi in dubai there are 700 flight from india every week to dubai and still it took 34 years for a pm to visit uae. at h
earlier we heard slogans like want 6 n 4 in tht stadium,2day its chant,single hand bowling,batting marha
modi s madison moment. charms the indian diaspora in dubai. a doting crowd going hysterical on every word.
missing modi speech. in train on d way to shirdi.
he is modi, not god
pm modi attends reception hosted by indian ambassador to uae
and the modi concert tour rolls on... desert storm
har taraf tera jalwa.modi made us so dignified in world.i never saw myself so strong.like american
marhaba namo awesome crowd.
the modi in dubai crowd is very lit rn na mo
live indians in dubai have made us proud, pm tells crowd cheering modi, modi prim...
refusal to release shaker aamer from guantnamo etongueoses what a sham us democracy is
i dont say modi is the best pm, but its the first time i know i am proud to be indian !!!
modi in dubai modi magic thank you modi g
so modi spoke few lines in malayalam and all the mallus went crazy lmao
emirates24 7 are giving every bit of news about modi, it s actually very itritating now.
keep us posted we hate our reporters that are paid to report against modi
but the leaders of uae were not angry. they showered me with love pm modi in dubai
watch live shree narendra modi ji speech in dubai
sick of similar and useless savva sau crore deshvasi speeches of modi.
17 years ago sachin tendulkar single handedly took over sharjah cricket stadium! today narendra modi! modi in dubai
sir i appreciate your faith n namo wouldn t let u down ..
his highness was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi
modi is the second indian to be greeted with such applause in dubai cricket stadium, first is obviously sachin tendulkar. modi in dubai
highly grateful to the leaders of abu dhabi and dubai narendra modi
modi in dubai namo there was so much love from uae ,crown prince and dubai ruler they received me at the airport!
modi will make a difference.
and even if he doesn t he is any day fucking better than these congress cry babies.
crowd is going mad after every word modi is speaking as if he is vomiting money . modi in dubai
live updates pm modi address 50,000 indians in dubai.
packed cricket stadium erupts into , chants as pm addresses the indian diaspora
modi in dubai metro timings extended marhaba namo as nris ready for pm emirates 24 7
modified floored by dubai prince s welcome
raga momma but i am the prince. ye kaun hai modi
pm modi response in dubai is a reflection of india s changing global image
there are 700 flights between amp but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here pm modi
modi must have promised it...! but dont worry amit shah will confirm it as a jumla!!!
modi doing wonders for india and he connects emotionally with indian ppl all over the world.uae witnessing it today
its so easy to become a modi fanboy. wteva his achvments, his aura amp charisma r undeniable. want to c that magic translate 2 econ growth nw
just imagine when imran khan becomes the prime minister of pakistan one day in sha allah and visits uae like modi... m
need to knowledge of hindi grammar to understand modi ji speech
more than 100 c, but that still didn t deter the crowd for namo modi in dubai
there were other many cms who ruled states 15 amp more year
pm narendra modis uae visit quick take
brace ur selves fr jumlas n nonsense
indian clown modi is performing his shit in dubai
there are 700 flights between india amp dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here pm modi modi in uae htt
modi proved one thing today straight.
for another two decades bjp will definitely rule gujarat without a doubt!
hope india too modi in dubai
namo in dubai!!! love the speech! thank u modi ji!! n btw... amazing selfie with hh smiley
there are 700 flights b w india, dubai but it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to come here modi
history in making! so much of cheering for pm modi ! just love d way he speaks modi magic modi in dubai
all opposition parties combined delegation shd visit behind modi to counter his charges in abroad.
shhssssss.......dont disturb sagarika , its modi time , keep calm and sit !!!
people outside dubai stadium also watching to modiji on led screens modi in dubai
see how missed the 2nd line where said that it took 34yrs for indian pm to come to uae...
hitting fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium...well played, sir... modi in dubai
loved the way, mr. modi interacted with common man, a practice gracefully carried by the uae leadership.
modi in uae namo takes a jibe at the pakistan sponsored terrorism and compared with intent of a true muslim.
the humongous reception i received is the respect to the indians in uae and whole country called india modi modi in dubai
namo vindicated your argument hope pierrefitter will realise that what was the protocol
ds man frighting of modi s success.i want to ask y he not attended parliament.y he not condemned terrorist attacks.
rahul baba will attract many more than 50000 in dubai. people love s comedy more than modi s speech modi in dubai
modi is a communal leader responsible for the death of thousands of innocent muslims in gujarat riots...we will never forgive her
modi loads his speech in such a way, he addresses one consituency of people. a political stateman, unparellelled in hi
watching the amazing speech in dubai... what a charmer he is...
what a reception for p.m modi in abudhabi simply unbelievable. ..jai hind modi in dubai
or better to ask... can a bjp pm score back 2 back centuries like how a congress rajyasabha member scored? wink
next olympics or any big event abroad they should call modi for opening ceremony just to draw crowd. crowd pulling as a service
the crowd that s cheering at modi s each word consists
pure indians are seen overwhelmly
impressed modi musical talk
are you not following modi in uae ? their is speech is going on.
what a speech by apna mr.modi ji in dubai just watch namo........
modi rocks in dubai. thanks crown prince for templebuilding.
the indian media would have danced around the crater and said modi did it himself smiley
so according to mrsgandhi national anthem s value depends on the person who sings it?
looking at na mo popularity in dubai today , this is the current situation of aa ptards and adarsh liberals
modi should stop doing these madison like events. its getting boring by the day . deliver first dictate later mod iin dubai
pm narendra modi visit uae to raise india investments to rs 5 lakh cr ... namo namo
celebrating silence and working modi style..others are emptyvessels...
modi talks of mandir in abu dhabi. crowd cheers.
modi in dubai is endearing himself to your country cousins... what s your reaction?
this is not did by modi power ... already uae donates temple at 2013 . don t potrate fake news , stop...
modi can t travel long by keeping feets in
namo is a rockstar man.
respect sir
i m lucky to have witnessed u in my lifetime. may the next generation learn from u.
love n respect
on one side there is terrorism, and on the other abu dhabi has allocated land for a temple narendra modi
i think modi is right to mention the indian labourers in the gulf. many of them out there.
namo just using the pace of the inc, that went to the boundary like a tracer bullet.
modi in dubai wat a sight..audience bearing such heat but still enjoying clapping n chanting modi modi modi..modiji u r truly a rockstar
17 years ago, sachin tendulkar alone ruled sharjah cricket stadium! today narendra modi did the same! modi in dubai
hope india
ndtv more than 50,000 non resident indians listen to pm modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium
if election would be conduct outside india abroad ,narendra bhai modi would make a clean sweep........dis is...
the modi is showing excellence in every manner i was shocked of listening his speech oooo god i was something unspeakablesmiley
this man knows what to do, how to do and when to do. modi in dubai
ndtv his highness was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi
narendra modi in uae i need to erase the deficit of 34 years, pm tellsbuyers
looking again the modi magic keep rising we always keep contributing our best to lift pride of india. make global india modi in dubai
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium...well played, sir...
just in news, by prashant kishore
lol! i just had wild thought of talking instead of namo to indian diaspora! i stopped there!! tongue modi in dubai
whether he drums up fdi or not, modi is giving ulcers to haters each time he goes abroad or a head of state visits india..
though we hv 700 flights fm india 2 dubai , it took 34 yrs for indian pm2reach dubai. modi hits place modi in dubai
modi s youtube channel.
can modi undo the six which miandad hit against chetan sharma in sharjah. namo in dubai modi in dubai
till date 17 odis happened here. now it s one mega odi modi . unbelievable.
modi in uae live indians in dubai epitome of hard work, says pm the indian etongueress
there are 700 flights between india amp dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here pm modi modi in dubai namo rocks in dubai
get your headlines right pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae
50,000 indians welcomes modi in uae..... namo
he choses a day of kerala s new year day and wishes them in malayalam.
despite having communal assets like you, modi is disappointing..lolwaaa
well i am a complete supporter but we etongueected things to be bit more fast..
pm modi live from dubai cricket stadium
its juz amazing. i don t hv words to etongueress how i am feeling. jai hind jai bharat. namo namo
modi in dubai must watch.speech modi ji my prime minister like non other
at a time when terrorism is rampant, uae s crown prince allocates space for construction of a temple modi
such is the credibility of honourable pm ji among nris. jai hind!
in 2014, namo wooed kerala syrian x, bjp got 3 of x vote, 3 of m vote, 6 sc, 12 obc, 33 fc vote
na mo in dubai. such a proud moment. place for 25k ppl only and 50k people already registered. thankyou for making us proud
listening to pm modi s address to indian diaspora at dubai stadium in uae. feeling proud to choose a charismatic leader to lead india.
me,momma, aa ptards amp blind modi haters right now after watching modi in dubai
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi the enforcement zee news
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi on zee news
amazing speech modi ji .......... really heart touching ..... to all community of indian and uae citizen ...
rahul bill is really skirting the line between love and hate for modi, capital chap
modi ji just hit a century in one over in dubai stadium...lol opposition back in dressing room
modi in dubai how come not in dubai 2 cover modi?? guess he scared to get again wink
i love you modi ji
adarsh liberals after they came to know muslims are cheering for modi in dubai.
waiting for azhar to come forward and declare the innings when modi is on 99
every time modi ji speaks and pause... its.... goooooooseebuuumpppsssss!!!
the temple is a huge gift to the people of abu dhabi narendra modi
theatrics of polity goes a long in cementing diplomatique interest of state leopard says
all those who kept saying modi travels abroad for corporates amp industrialists, need to see this video
marhaba namo modi in dubai awesome crowd.
modi ji mentioned abt given temple land,he is trolling amp other sickulars very badly, that too internationally! modi in dubai
if modi ji would have got wages of indians in gulf equal 2 european, his visit would hv been a success. what in addressing 1 2 modi in dubai
pm modi in dubai thanks the crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for alloting land to buind a temple
modi ji ur efforts 2 lift our state is gr8, b8 what abt our former guards?
g8 work mr. modi
doctor sir, is there not mosque in india for modi to bow, all the way going to uae to do
is the ruler democratically elected?? isn t modi representing the biggest democracy in the world???
modi shd remember that he has been elected by the citizens of india not by nri s. he has 2 face elections of 2019 in india not in dubai..
modi modi chants all over modi in dubai
hurry...!
pm narendra modi ji is to come to ara bihar tomorrow.. on 11 05 am
the way our parliament democracy has been working fr last few weeks is known to whole world! u can t hide behind modi
modi in uae namo takes a jibe at pakistan sponsored terrorism and compared with intent of a true muslim in uae to build temples
modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate one must remember that this i...
.hatred for modi is ur thought and food
modi rocks as usual modi in dubai
and now aap holes may be saying modi brought people in a ferry from india to fill the stadium modi in dubai
rahul baba will attract many more than 50000 in dubai. people love s comedy more than modi s speech
petrol price cut by rs 1.27 per litre,
diesel price reduced by rs 1.17 per litre..
acche din na mo
modi s malayalam was far better than onia s hindi. modi in dubai
his highness the crown prince was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi in dubai
this man knows how to kill multiple birds with a single stone, modi is synonymous to magic
hope modi does some chest thumping on farmer suicides,falling economy n increasing crimes n communal riots during
his regime
pindrop silence when namo said word terror namo in dubai modi in dubai
namo rocks uae and seculsrs shocked after hearing this namo namo
if you love modi speeches only because the resulting jokes gets you s.
in last modi will say and yeah one more thing mitro, rajnikant rocks modiin uae modi in dubai
his highness and all five brothers came to the airport to receive me, it s a great honour
modi s finally met his kinda crowd today.
pm modi addressing mini world today .... world is watching him ...
i hope modi has few words for the indian labourers that built the stadium that he is holding his ram leela in.
sachin never played at dubai... he played only at sharjah, isn t it ?!! so modi wins here too !
they eben sreamed modi modi at azaan yesterday in mosque
modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate top news
can watch modi on mute just for his hand gestures
modi it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here
last message of general hameed gul to modi before death
high highness crown prince came to greet me at the airport with his brothers pm modi in dubai
chanting of modi,modi modi in dubai is enough for cong to stay away from elections 4 next 20 years at least.respect is earned not transferred
indian pm modi thanks uae govt. and prince for their hospitality and love.
amp those who says muslims don t luv ind jst watch today s modi evnt so many indian muslims singing jan gan man mak u feel proud
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took 34 years for a pm to visit this nation modi modi in dubai
given modi s star performances he should become the ftii director. and end the controversy.
his highness was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive pm modi modi in dubai
modi in dubai modi speaking at dubai cricket stadium. thats pakistan cricket team s home ground.
viewers on stands please be tighten your seat belts..! namo will begin his speech in less than 2 mins..!!
if this govt. cares about protests, let it listen to the veterans. leave mullahs aside. modi ji is hugging them in uea.
modi makes whole stadium to gove a stating ovation to the crown prince for giving land for the first ever temple in abudhabi.
give a standing ovation to the crown prince of uae pm modi tells people at dubai cricket stadium
more than ndtv we should ask this to manishanker aiyer and who called modi a regional leader
it s the duty of cg to fill the gapes b w our neighbour countries
amp modi govt gratified every indian to perform it s duty perfectly.
suddenly all news channels switch modi dubai speech. but he looking hauntingly glum.any ominous news ex home eg veterans amp socialmedia
modi gulf
pm modi leaves for 2 day uae visit
modi brilliantly rousing the crowd.
modi is pure gold than any other gold
sonia g may clench her fist as much she wants, indians all over the world believe in modi as the leader who can change india s destiny
far from cuttin his criticism of cong abroad. modi at it again in dubai sayin tho there r daily flts frm india it tk 34
this love, this respect is not for an individual. this is respect for indias changing place in the world pm modi
modi asks indians in the stadium to give a standing ovation to crown prince, crowd oblige
you are like a chameleon. one eye on modi and the other on sagarika. will you also change colours at some point?
well said..,
when a new species presenting on display gather out of curiosity. next time if he revisit only hired crowd will be.
modi ji can prove himself 100 indian by bringing a 40 inch led from dubai
its great to see pm modi speaking at dubai... you should also see
pm modi asks over 50,00 indians to give crown prince a standing ovation at dubai cricket stadium. marahaba namo
gujarat will be ruled by bjp for another 3 decades
becoz 10 years old have modi on their lip
it was a huge decision to allot land for temple in abu dhabi by the crown prince. only modi could have managed to get it done. modi in dubai
did our pm modi say something about workers from bihar? modi in dubai
i love modi and his pronouncements on foreign soil re the grandeur of india on tv screen but despair about ground realities at home.
muslims fear rising tide of hindu nationalism in modi s india
really impressed that modi keeps saying crown prince amp not shezada. smart man.
very intellectual
marhaba namo pm modi addresses indian etongueatriates in dubai dubai all roads in dubai are leading to the duba...
every passing day under namo, the fake pseudo secularism built over 6 decades by con is being dismantled brick by brick. modi in dubai
mr pm modi wished mallyalis happy new year in dubai...btw i want to know which festival is today ... can anyone tell me.... please..
modi has made sure the temple will be made
leaders of uae were not angry with me. they showered me with love pm modi in dubai
oops i missed to get down at my stop by looking at tweets about namo modi in dubai modi in uae
over 700 flights from india come to uae every week but it has taken 34 years for an indian pm to get here pm modi in dubai
data mining assignment who was the last person on record to say there is no modi wave ? 5 marks.
modi asks people to give a standing ovation to the crown prince. crowd chants modi! modi! modi in dubai
70,000 people cheering . must be getting nostalgic!
forget about indian media and their bitch pangs.read how the workers were elated about pm modi visit
pm modi being targeted for im embarrassed statement on uae visit partii
pm modi being targeted for im embarrassed statement on uaevisit
700 flights come to from india every week and it still took 34 years for an indian pm to come here
indians fondly remember nehru,shastri, pvnr for eco amp vajpayee. but modi is different he knows how to grab moments!
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modis visit elevat... via
you are praising namo? who hacked your account?
give a standing ovation to the crown prince of uae pm modi tells people at dubai cricket
modi hell bent to do his task. chahe chatna hi kyon na pade... but he will do it. modi in dubai
modi is particularly vry impressed with crown prince of abu dhabi..requests the crowd to gve him a standing ovatn fr grantin land for temple
sachin isn t a politician, modi is. actors, sportsmen are huge crowd pullers. no other indian politician does that
all indians in abu dhabi should thank the leaders for allocating land for temple narendra modi
me,momma, aa ptards amp blind modi haters right now after watching modi in dubai htt
my predecessors left a lot of good things for me to do, including my amp abu dhabi visit pm live
trump should hire modi to win him elections modi in dubai
those people who still say modi hasn t done anything literally don t know how a completely devastated economy is brought back to life
darsh liberal s are being kicked in their butt s
watch namo dd news
sonia g may clench her fist as much she wants, indians all over the world believe in modi as the leader who can change india s
give standing ovtions 2 crown prince namo
live indians in dubai gear up for marhaba namo event
is really fond of taking credit for what others did. the land in uae for temple was given in 13. but modi boasts abt it too
failur of ns and his foreign policy, see how uae warmly welcomed gurat extremist modi
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights ndtv
darender modi etongueosed!
mr modi getting so much attractions in dubai ... with some political spices. 700 plans in a week
modi makes whole stadium to gove a stating ovation to the crown prince for giving land for the first ever temple in abudh
iamtssudhir pm speaks in malayalam to extend greetings to people from settled in modiin d
the chips r down for namo domestically, wat better way to shine than to appear secular in a muslim land! its chamleon tactics
ndtv his highness the crown prince was present with all his five brothers at the airport
ndtv this love, this respect is not for an individual. this is respect for indias chan
he s done it again, says congress, as pm talks of inherited problems
predictably, pm modi s remonstration from pm modi about the pr..
marhaba modi is now trolling pressitutes n liberals b getting public to thank crown prince for temple modi teri lathi mein awaz toh hai
this one is best
live indians in dubai have made us proud, pm tells crowd cheering modi, modi
why does modi ji suffer from mutism at home and verbal diarrhoea abroad?
modi syndrome
temples in other countries are not safe. bangkok blast
how long officials hide these cease fire violations since
i also salute modi for temple in abu dhabi
me looking at every modi rally abroad man, there s so many indians on the planet.
prime minister narendra modi condemned it .all those who have a stake in humanity will condemn it with bell ,book and candle .
appears modi has been felled by the khabsa rice biryani.. almost served to him in dubai. he is waxing eloquent about the uae despots.
modi in dubai wow wt a magistic prsn he is ...speechless realy kash me ek baar mil sky pm modi ji se oh god pls gv me a chance to meet him
pm modi s articulation of his reception at the airport reflects his understanding of the indian etongueerience of living in the uae.
hahahahahah brillant tight slap to all the people who are anti india amp modi baiters !
...we are thankful to god for giving us a wonderful pm modi...a man of honour, confidence n humility...
the goodwill modi commands is there for all to see. it would be a pity to waste this opportunity for a better india
hats off modi
his uae visit made all us proud..and put a stop mark over so called seculars
crown of prince of abu dhabi has agreed to give a piece of land for a hindu temple in abu dhabi. give him a standing ovation pm modi
wins the heart of millions in india and modi winning the soul in dubai modi in dubai brothers winning hearts
modi ?or pm modi ? oye roadside editor .. he is election by public so learn how to respect pm.
modi, modi chants fill the stadium after pm greets the indian community in
pr ka muqabla nahi hain.. yeh baat manna padega.. even if you dont like modi.. some things are to be learned. learn it.
modi makes whole stadium to give a stating ovation to the crown prince for giving land for the first ever temple in abudhabi modi in dubai
the truth is, while raul baba, sonia madam, inc, and aap are shitting on modi. na mo is making moves. modi in dubai namo in dubai
this is the same stadium from where once dawood ibrahim used to rule cricket betting net. now modi to seize all his property in uae.
more than 50,000 non resident indians listento pm modi as he speaks at dubaicricketstadium salute to our pm repspectes narendra modi
modi asks crowd to give standing ovation to uae s crown prince for alloting land to temple. people oblige.
modi in dubai thankful to uae s crown prince for allotting land for hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi in dubai
only purpose of modi s rock shows is to troll political pundits who wrote him off. lol!
pm modi appreciates uae s move to allot land for temples...
watch live shree narendra modi ji speech modi in dubai
modi said today he sees a mini india in 50000 people at the stadium
he said the same about indian army at rewari rally
pm modi was requested to address the issue of decreasing in the country. modi in dubai
modi 700 flights to dubai from india
under this changed environment in india, the crown prince of abu dhabi has granted land for constructing a temple, says pm mr.modi, in dubai
yes bcos all the biharis will support modi just bcos he has gone to dubai , pls shut up will you ??
modi in dubai amp warmth amongst ppl shows d popularity of modi amp ppl s confidence in indian govt.1st time india witnessing so much positivity.
modi talking abt temple even in dubai so communal smiley
modi ji kya zabardast badhai kar rahe uae ke rulers ki. its nice..subtly conveying what he wants modi in dubai
hey prateeeek prateek jr wanna get iph0ne 6 for free? kindly check my bi0. thanks
madison moment in dubai..pm modi at his best! modi in dubai
but can modi score a century against australia at sharjah? tweet like ndtv modi in dubai
actually wanted 2 say, why are we running out of burnol everytime modi goes abroad.
how will i answer rajdeep?
kc is totally anti modi for reasons known to all! no worries
don t watch the marhaba namo event , it might lower your bp levels as all your modi bashing dint dent his image among indians
is ter any election happening in uae we re bjp s contesting y modi doing election campaign in uae.
pm modi appeals to people to give standing ovation to crown prince as a thanking gesture for allowing temple in abu dhabi. modi in dubai
dear presstitutes please give a standing ovation to modi ji..
namo rocks wherever the spirit of india lives,be it any country of the world.his aura really revives nationalist fervour
bhai you know how to rub salt on wounds laughing laughing
modi in dubai . the whole world is dancing with modi s name.. this time its , chanting modi modi modi modi...... .
modi ji is a best anchor of world modi in dubai
this is really paid crowd as they obey modi s orders. modi in dubai
modi in uae congress leaders are going in depression with each chant of modi modi in uae attention all hospitals get ready
marhaba modi is now trolling pressitutes n liberals b getting public to thank crown prince for temple modi teri lathi mein
speechless after listening s speech in ... what a he is ! drama king narendra modi
sir indian honourable pm sh narendra modi also visiting round the world to bring change below standard life . pls appreciate
the visiting head of state needs to have the ability to draw a large etongueat population should hav the charisma of namo
watching narendra modi s epoch speech in dubai stadium. 40,000 people have turned out to hear him.
marhabba namo....
every passing day under namo, the fake pseudo secularism built over 6 decades by con is being dismantled brick by brick.
so much genuine affection is unprecedented for an indian politico, that too in an alien country, namo namo! modi in dubai
what none dare of achieving in their wildest dream,a temple in abu dhabi, namo made it possible in one visit marhaba namo modi in dubai.
could win the elections there, if the permitted it in the uae. lol
wrong timing 4 d bait mam. all busy watching namo. kal din me dobara try karna. and evening me act as a victim. serves u well
im not weak but hearing modi ji today
my tears are coming out of joy
namo gets 50000 indians to cheer for crown prince. crown prince be like
habeebi 10 786 !!!
sir i appreciate your faith n namo wouldn t let u
modi in dubai watching namo live speaking to jam packed cricket stadium... magic
modi following advice from
modi has crossed all the limits of today amp emotionally fooling the audience!! modi in dubai
following speeches to the indian diaspora in the us, australia amp canada, modi gives one in the uae...
prime minister narendra modi condemned it .all those who have a stake in humanity will condemn it with bell ,book and cand
temple in dubai..modi making india proud what a tight slap on sikulars...go haters and start crying and curbing.
700? seriously
as per us modi is the worst person of india.
but no shame to accept that he is doing good for his country.
he loves a crowd crowds love him. modi can happily give speeches his entire life i think.
modi urges the crowd to give a standing ovation to crown prince for allotting land to temple .. crowd just hysterical .....
mr modi, pm of india, who belongs to ideology of rss, arousing hatred against muslims here, is seeking investments from muslim countries
who moved the falafel? narendra modi s arabian adventure comes with a gujarati thali!
modi says prev govts kept lot of good work for him to do. sonia amp rahul confused whether it is appreciation or criticism? modi in dubai
via narendra modi app nmandroidapp
over 700 flights from india come to uae every week but it has taken 34 years for an indian pm to get here pm modi in dubai modi in dubai
please ask them your queries..
so, 40,000 clap, whistle, chant modi in dubai cricket stadium, as pm plays to the gallery. speaks in malayalam, crowd che
i dn t undrstnd y evry meetng of modi looks alike.
modi name chanters, stage, silently sitting muslim s with skullcaps etc. modi in dubai
if modi ji would have got wages of indians in gulf equal 2 european, his visit would hv been a success. what in addressin
this is really paid crowd as they obey modi s orders.
is really fond of taking credit for what others did. the land in uae for temple was given in 13. but modi boasts abt it
trust on each other is the most important thing in diplomatic relations narendra modi
so? what is the connection? being alert towards the society and its needs will stop and not !
mihir modi is the best prime minister india has ever seen.
live from dubai watching narendra modi speech
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium prime minister narendra modi is ...
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi dubai tens of thousands of indian etongueat...
his highness the crown prince was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me pm modi
not sure if that s a compliment. namo in dubai
excellent amp impressive show at dubai cricket stadium, amp pm modi ji giving standing podium to uae prince
modi mania at the uae. live what is it that drives the crowd crazy when he speaks?
modi shaking the sheiks
yes that is the power of conviction modi carries with him..even sceptics will nod their head in agreement..
after sachin tendulkar we have another person narendra modi who can fill the dubai stadium jam packed. all...
india feels proud because of you pm modi tells crowd at dubai kya baat h ji
entire dubai cheered when 2014 lok sabha elections results were declared modi modi in dubai
never know he may be capable of doing that as well modi in dubai
such is the charishma of modi that uae, a staunch islamist country agreed to have a temple on its soil,neta ho to modi jaisa ho varna na ho!
last time i heard a chant like modi modi was when i heard in the movie bahubali, bahubali.. modi in dubai
modi in dubai trust is the base of diplomatic relations modi
pm modi would be glad about that.
live dubai is no longer a mini india. it has now become a mini world pm modi in dubai
live watch pm modi in uae thank his highness crown prince for his decision to build temple in abu dhabi pm modi
the warm amp grand welcome by the rulers of reflect changing image of india d efforts of nris. in
pm modi is one of the most viewed ceos in india with over one million followers linkedin
maino will block winter session too
you are true because of modi it happned
this is modi era as well as at dubai modi aura it s unbelievable...
its juz amazing to c namo speaking look at the crowd, thr is no hindu or muslim, indians r
thr with strng support fr namo.
modi s speech fireworks modi in uae
pm modi meets crown prince of abu dhabi
crown of prince of abu dhabi has agreed to give a piece of land for a hindu temple in abu dhabi. give him a standing o
is he saying that to vajpayee ji also?? very bad then.. modi in dubai
yaar ye standing ovation to modi ji ne obama ko tak nhi dilvayie thi lagta hai kuch bada chaah rahe hai crown prince se
true!!!! breaking modi wins kerala assembly. modi in dubai
look what you hv done to gen next .. my 2 yrs daughter is all modi modi ..
pm sud hire sum credible speech writers. seems his current ones r either educated or yale irani writes 4 him
many responses but none has the conviction to prove with a video. modi speeches are all over internet
modi means magic.. smiley modi in dubai. my aaptard friends must be burning heart..
na mo live in uae !!
taken out of context or did he really say that? whatever that means. lol never troll rahul g again if he did.
and now who is spreading the word that modi brought all the people in a ferry to fill the stadium!
or, when there is leader as tall as modi ji... i don t see anyone even in western nations...
lmao , back to back 3 tweet of anti modi ......you are going to die one day if modi ji keep speaking like this !!
superb speech, proud 2 be an indian watching narendra modi
this is what is religious tolerance
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium...well played, sir... modi in d
on modi s visit,first thing uae does is allot a land to build 1st temple.bhagwan ke aashirvaad se sab theek hoga modi in uae
people chanting modi modi
in dubai 1truck full of burnol
spotted at the residence of
all secularist. modi in dubai
there are 700 flights between india amp dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here pm modi gt gt modiji...
with so much euphoria within the indians all around the world, there is so much of heart burn amongst the modi baiters today
modi s popularity has gone up at least 2 times in last 48 hours
he is a magician
pm begins his speech with bharat mata ki jai amidst chants of modi modi !
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights prime minister narendra modi on a two day visit to the ua
see like is going to win next kerala election by his dubai speech!
ra ga should learn to use the cheat notes... but he should learn to make it himself correctly first. modi in dubai narendra modi
chup be! watch modi on tv
mutual trust most important factor in relationship modi
modi embraces rich arabs but has no time for poor relatives of suffering muslims slaughtered in gujarat
i want our pm modi to visit saudi arabia next to address indian etongueats.
that is why journis like you are called presstitute.as your tweet favours anti modi camps and shows all modi supporters in
pm sud hire sum credible speech writers. seems his current ones r either educated or yale irani writes 4 him ht
yaar ye standing ovation to modi ji ne obama ko tak nhi dilvayie thi lagta hai kuch bada chaah rahe hai crown prince se modi in dubai
modi knows all buttons to press praising crown prince, talking malayalam, massaging crowd s ego with lavish praise. modi in dubai
investment of 75 billion usd is going to be disbursed now on priority. modi knows how to encash.
i wouldn t b surprised if we see modi in n kneel down doggy position...
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united arab emirates was received at ...
mahinda rajapakshe was almost modi of srilanka. think over it
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister narendra modi on a two day visit to the uae is...
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister narendra modi on a two ...
anna see
people are excited as if modi ji is going to dance on al habibi wallah wallah after the speech.
more than 70 000 people mesmerized by indian pm modi. pm showed gratitude of prince of uae for alloting land for temple
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights
modi in dubai so many ppl gather in dubai ground wd so much patriotism briliant event dubai n our own pm modi is dere wd fantastic speech
the last indian before pm modi to take uae by storm was a curly haired 25 year old sachin swatting aussies everywhere! modi in uae
i etongueress my heartfelt gratitude to uaes crown prince who has agreed to give a piece of land for a hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi
ndtv responding to atal ji s call, the role played by those working in the gulf was exemplary pm modi in dubai
ndtv imagine the strength shown, the magnetic power that has drawn the world here pm modi in dubai
foundation of trust between india and uae will last for years narendra modi
ndtv people from kerala are there in large numbers. and i am specially talking about them due to the new year festival today pm modi
modi asking to congragulate crowned prince of abu dhabi
no foreign country has a diaspora this big in india. no country has a charismatic leader like
namo who speaks extempore 4 hours is dared 2 talk y someone who needs notes for 5 min speech. irony committed suicide
people eagerly listening to s speech on screens outside the stadium modi in dubai
give a standing ovation to the crown prince of uae pm modi in dubai
modi there are 700 flights flying between india and uae a week. it took 34 years for a pm to take one! modi in dubai
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united ...
it was a huge decision to allot land for temple in abu dhabi by the crown prince. only modi could have managed to get it do
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister narendra modi on...
don t think citizens believed in any other politician as much as modi.. getting rockstar reception from etongueats in dubai
namo in dubai modi started speech and gone deep inside
pm modi asks attendees to give the crown prince a standing ovation for all he has done for the indian community. modi in dubai
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united arab em...
modi and the muslim world
people who know about abu dhabi also know what a big step it is to provide land for an indian temple to be set up there pm modi modi in uae
definitely it is a proud moment for us all connect of modi unparalleled
wow whatta warmed welcome g
modi s malayalam clear etonguelains why its a palindrome. modi in dubai
what a man . thousands of muslims chanting india india and modi modi. modi in dubai
so many indians to support modi in any country he goes to.
coz living conditions in own country pathetic.
modi wont leave any one without taking selfie
the loud roar on modi thanking crown prince for allotting temple land deafens all the aadarsh liberal outrage put together. modi in dubai
my skin is falling off modi requesting people to stand up amp congratulate dictator ruler of dubaifor giving place for a temple modi in dubai
modi in dubai thankful to uae s crown prince for allotting land for hindu temple in abu dhabi pm modi in dubai modi in uae
india elected modi believing he s an allrounder.modi turns out to be a funny commentator.india needs a player nt a commentator modi in dubai
hahaha......what crap is this? lol
modi in dubai incredible seeing modi here in dubai.
hey quint you just missed mayavatis favorite digit 0.
even in india they say modi modi
you got to give modi ji credit for overwhelming nri popularity. modi in dubai modi in uae
speaking to 50k crowd in uae is phenomenal. no doubt. something congress could never achieve. but be a primeminister and not na mo
but then rana ayyub has abused modi a lot for no reason those who have been unbiased muslims are respected
uae s crown prince has agreed to give land for a temple, in times of terror and hate modi in dubai
congratulation modi sir on your successful trip of uae.. but you remem sir in india also have mosque and muslims
good to see great work by the namo team in uae
ruler of an islamic state permits a temple to be built der according to namo. bangkok extremists just bombed a temple. does it make sense?
people who know about abu dhabi also know what a big step it is to provide land for an indian temple to be set up there pm m
just imagine what this kind must be feeling right now.
wow ,such a politeness ,modi ji acknowledged the greatness of king of uae for gifting land for temple modi in dubai
modi rocks with dubai crowd! clearly, a pm visit there was long due. full credit goes to pm modi marhaba modi
in capcity of 32k, 50k ppl come to address modi.. dats the power of a leader.. p mmodiin dubai.
narendra bin al modi. sounds nice and majestic.
modi batting like master blaster at dubai cricket ground
1998 sachin tendulkar
2015 narendra modi
shajaah cricket stadium witnessed great indian innings twice
modi just proved once again ,
you dont need to wear a skull cap to get people wearing one to cheer support you..
pm modi asks audience to give standing ovation to crown prince as thanking gesture for allowing a plot to temple in abu dhabi. modi in dubai
modi speech... feeling proud
seems like is going to win next kerala election by his speech!
pm modi s articulation of his reception at the airport reflects his understanding of the indian etongueerience of living in th
on the daily watch w in
india, united arab emirates plan 75 billion fund as modi seeks investments
what crowd does to modi is what green does to sagarika
come out of presstitutes mindset,see india thru common man eyes.then u will see wat is modi for india
foundation of trust between india and uae will last for years narendra modi ji.
modi only said, if recovered, then each account will easily have 15 lacs,not that he will deposit
people like namo the orator but not namo the pm.
modi speech looks like sachin tendulkar straight drive today,
in full form,
even opposition will be mesmerising secretly! modi in dubai
and this is being happen because of modi ji .
there was nehru who used to address indians in english and then there is modi who speaks hindi abroad !!
.0
it s a burnol moment for congress amp others....
namo rocks wherever the spirit of india lives,be it any country of the world.his aura really revives nationalist fe
and a lot more !!
u know modi sir how to win the heart of people, ur the first politician i like soo much.
even congressi can t resist and giving compliments...
they r still trying to manage a 44 yr old event i.e.
pm modi his highness the crown prince was present with all his five brothers at the airport to receive me. this...
it was sachin then, it s modi now to take uae by storm. modi in dubai
he means mini ?
17 years ago its was sachin tendulkar who single handedly took over the cricket stadium in uae and today its narendra modi! modi in dubai
are listening. a tight slap on congi rats who said who knows na mo outside gujarat
modi is the second indian to be greeted with such applause in dubai cricket stadium, first is obviously sachin tendulkar.
actually yes!
y modi doing election campgain in uae election s in bihar right ??? modi in dubai
now, thinks how saraswati maa blessed her child narendra modi, without efficient speech you can t make personal contact wit
you know what, this is really fun, keep this going until modi finishes speech
pm modi uae has promised to invest 4.5 lk cr in india
it s an open stadium and a sultry 40 degrees. crown is not feeling any of it, overwhelmed by modi s charisma
get over yourself
and its time to listen modi listening to modi s rally in dubai hurry modi in dubai
narendra modi hitting back 2 back all boundaries
some mad talking he is event manager
but he is not a scam master
stupid alert !! to do something like maharaba modi you need enough foreign diaspora in india before even safety.
modi india taking its place on global stage
india traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill daily news amp analysis
more then 50,000 indian welcome mr modi here mine dubai.
uae is mini .
remarkable. no doubt. from achievable nationhood to namo elder brother
narendra modi and arvind kejriwal are both self amp media obsessed megalomaniacs, who manifest the dangerous cult of one perso
another powerful speech from modi live from dubai
modi has etongueerienced that before
madison
sydney
etx
modi is a big hypocrite who remain quiet when his minister are indulge in corruption and then says ki ek bhi scam hua nhi
i never seen before any indian pm got this much love and blessings around the globe. crowd shouts modi modi always. modi i
pls to increase limit on how much gold we can bring to india from dubai mmmkay, modi ji.
modi in dubai with the right notes and right points sir modi s speech enthralls the audience as usual smiley
former pm concentrated on being pm not as full time fm like modi
babaji ka thullu 4 etongueerts
not hindu, muslims or sikhs but i can see only indians there in dubai came to listen mr modi. so proud!!!
pm modi asks indian diaspora to give standing ovation to his highness crown prince of abu dhabi for alloting land for construction of temple
all indians in abu dhabi should thank the leaders for allocating land for temple narendra modi ji modi in dubai
modi means business.
i don t think in my lifetime i ll ever see a master statesman than our beloved pm modi ji. modi in dubai
modi ji u r great...
i etongueress my heartfelt gratitude to uaes crown prince who has agreed to give a piece of land for a hindu temple in abu dhabi
massive pr boast attempted to resurrect modi s declining image while paid crowd chants modi modi..
no whole stadium is filled with people etongueorted from gujrat to cheer for modi. modi in dubai marhaba namo
ha ha ha... well said sir
extremely grateful to crown prince of abu dhabi, emirates and uae rulers, should every indian thank him? pm modi
after winning hearts amp diplomatic mileage elsewhere in the world, namo is concentrating on west asia.he s steady amp good
modi ji, live on india news ..!! great speech...!!
it seems bhakts get multiple orgams hearing modi s bhashan !!
modi leaves behind s for performance in dubai. modi in dubai
great show by modi to win uae, at this moment when regime change is ha penning in middle east modi in dubai
go die you fools at
these guys were says was modi modi modi
this leaves tht far behind,no one was shouting sachi sachin...but ppl are shouting modi modi...
there is no point criticising modi s events.if economy rs continue to fall,jobs not created then this would be lost in history.
pm modi s malyalam as bad as mine. namo in dubai . enjoying speech. how much is 4.5 lakh crore.i think 75b dollars
we indians are very much thankful to you for welcoming our beloved pm modi
bhaktrolls showing suicidal tendencies on twitter after modi s uae visit, thinking he might end up visiting mosques amp muslims back home too!
modi in dubai modi!!modi!!modi echoing all over the ground..it s nt due to 6 s amp 4 s of cricket match it s cz namo is hitting 6s with his words
50,000 register for event....!
modi is doing his duty perfectly.
modi might have spoken in malayalam, but don t worry mohanlal, you re still my main man in lungi
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ??.
mind blowing speech modi sir. your words are a inspiration. rock on modi
narendra modi is true rockstar and common man. one of the most popular leaders of world.
if you agree.
madi in dubai
the master of international relationship. he made it possible wherever namo went..make in india, made in india marhaba namo modi in dubai
nearly 5 lakh crore investment promised by the uae modi
the loud roar on modi thanking crown prince for allotting temple land deafens all the aadarsh liberal outrage put together.
modi askin fr standing ovation fr crown prince is also the show of his own power on ppl
tht roar frm crowd means immense trust on the leader
now the secularists will start crying foul. why did modi only ask for a temple?!
jo mandir na gye wo kya smjhenge.importance of temple in dubai, but thy ll nt miss the chance of criticising modi here as well modi in dubai
he always does this laughing
top right
u.a.e. ipl modi sarkar this pics shows my tweet on 25 april 2014
just imagine could congress achieve what pm modi has achieved in dubai today .....
modi in dubai congress ki maar li bc thats the most decent way to describe modi s speech in dubai
amid chants of modi, modi pm modi in uae says he s overwhelmed by the love dubai has given him
na mo rocks in dubai hope you got answer why namo went to uae
land already alloted ..modi is fooling india and now gulf
modi magic in uae. modi in dubai
such a amazing response,uae based indian at dubai cricket stadium for modi great to see they came here to listen namo huge roar modi,modi,
1st time m hearing modi..modi.. than sachin..sachin.. by indians at cricket stadium.. modi in dubai
modi i m here man . who are you focussing ?
crowd attendance for dubai rugby seven largest sporting event in last 5 yrs 41,000.
crowd attendance for in dubai 50,000.
unity in diversity unique feature of india we are indians ever indian suppo namo for his relentless effo s
pm modi asks indian diaspora to give standing ovation to his highness crown prince of abu dhabi for alloting land for const
1st time i m clapping for namo,don t know why
i think modi is compaining for crown prince modi in dubai
after watching namo speech now at dubai...i m sure u must have applied for indian citizenship...but quee is long smiley
india s greatest rock star rocks dubai show .. modi in dubai modi magic ..
highly grateful to the leaders of abu dhabi and dubai narendra modi ji
dumdaar live of pm ...modi ji 09.27pm today from uae
pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see mini india in dubai it is said that indians deprived of opportunities in india settled abroad
all it needs nris to make some calls to their known ones in india. just ask how is modi doing as a pm . your craze will end right there.
and ......this way india pm modi conquered the heart and embossed the mind of dubai with indianness.
modi ji mentioned abt given temple land,he is trolling amp other sickulars very badly, that too internationa
4lakh50000 crore investment in india by dubai na mo rocks in dubai what a faith generated by modi govt
omfg in presence of the prince, they are chanting modi s name.... modi in dubai
trust between one another is more important than diplomacy when it comes to international relations pm modi in dubai modi in uae
pm modi strong foundation laid for diplomatic ties to help future generations
mr modi, is a few inches of land for temple is more important than democratic values?? modi in dubai
excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address indian diaspora
it s threatened by a 75 pound, 8 year hunger striking, dying man, and people call it the world s greatest super power? pathetic!
crown prince of uae has pledged to invest 4.5 lakh crore rupees in india pm modi marahaba namo
hindustan times httweets amid chants of modi, modi pm modi in uae says he s overwhelmed by the love dubai
tell me is in the stadium?!!!!
modi is his own pr , ops, execution, content, advertising and delivery team. modi in dubai
uae to invest 4,50,000 cr in india... modi in dubai wowwwwwwwww
4.5 lakh crores..this is for all who wanted to know why modi has been travelling so much. modi in dubai
modi humare desh..
people yay ! woot woot ! blah blah
m main
p yay ! woot woot ! blah blah
m bc ! pura boln
uae to invest 4.5 lakh crore rupees in india!! whoaaaaaaa! great business deal struck, modi ji.. modi in dubai
india s modi disappoints supporters with low key speech auto pickup by wikyou
probably the only country of the world that still doesn t respect narendra modi and his ideas is india.
modi in dubai live indian prime minister begins his address
so many flights are there between india and uae but it took 34 years for a pm to visit this nation pm modi....
pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi
modi credits indians for the adulation he received whereas gandhi pariwar believes it to be their birthright. modi in dubai
hey libbies aaptard and congressi reptiles this is why modi ji goes on foreign trips.
pm modi says thank dubai crown prince for allotting land to build a temple modi in dubai
really want to make a modi and hazard joke, but can t think of one. aiming for quality here.
. please add a modi speech category to your notifications. so i can turn it off
the greatest orator of the present day. he weaves magic always. marhaba namo modi in dubai namo in dubai
if you hear lone voice chanting, modi jiiii..... after 15 minute into the speech, that none other than yours truly smiley modi in dubai
if nationalism is a religion,
modi is the new god!!!
modi wanna say uae is like mini india and india is like uae.. but congress has not done anything no? how india develope
if modi wasn t elected, stupidity of lot of people would still be hidden.
why this pseudo secularists calls modi govt communal when it decides to build temple. crown prince of uae gave land to build temple there.
the more modi does such sick events showing his desperateness fr publicity to cover his failures
f bigger disgrace india sees him
all it needs nris to make some calls to their known ones in india. just ask how is modi doing as a pm . your craze will end r
modi in dubai good to see modiji in trademark modi ku a ....sans suit boot after longggg time...
standing ovation to ground prince of dubai and prime minister of india modi. modi in dubai
my respect is the respect to the indians living here, and to india s changed image narendra modi ji modi in dubai
the master of international relationship. he made it possible wherever namo went..make in india, made in india marhaba nam
pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights ndtv all the news
modi speaking to an audience of 50000 in dubai. yet another strong speech by the pm.
hope modi makes ground level difference more than high rise speeches on foreign land
modi 2014 reloaded.
modi is great.
modi made mistake ??? 4.5 lac or 45 lac cr investment
india has 1 trillion investment potential, says modi modi, who later travelled to dubai on the second leg of...
checked with steven pinker.he says everything about aaptards is unrealistic. e.g. etongueectation from someone they hate
modi s presence is somewhat homologous to sir alex ferguson at old trafford. modi in uae modi in dubai
well, is playing it live... saw muslims in crowd cheering modi modi... sickulars are contemplating suicide. hope they do
uae has promised an investment of 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi in dubai
modi speech in dubai cricket stadium is verry emotional, which made indians living there happy, he got full support from them
pm call cook frm india sanjeev kapoor.salute 2 royalty of modi ji.doesn t think same 4 poor ppl. modi in uae
insult toh modi jaise karna hai
slow thappads to opposition every single time.
falling more in love with modi..modi..modi..
700 and odd flights from india to horrorb every week. but it took 34 years for a pm to reach there namo
now is tweeting modi bhakts tweet become a mouthpiece of rss bjp. so it will be rewarded by !
now... congress will equate modi to hitler....
the joint statement between our nations is extremely pleasing pm modi in dubai
narendra modi announces that abu dhabi s crown prince will invest 4.5 lakh crore in india
pm modi india, uae strongly denounce terrorism in all forms
mr modi, pm of india, who belongs to ideology of rss, arousing hatred against muslims here, is seeking investments from
bapu amp 2 former pms gave up their lives for the country. can you beat that, modi?
it s not mini india but another kerala in dubai!
at uae a show of modi music. indian can feel , dance n use as medicine of economic growth n antiterrorism antibiotics.
modi ji this is you who make me believe that india can overcome from corrupt system. modi in dubai
modi is in uae now. lads going places after being elected as pm
cannot believe. its news hour time and arnab is actually allowing modi to speak. modi in dubai
which pm in past has marketed so beautifully like this in last 60 years? namo namo namo namo namo!!!!
modi mitron crowd screams
modi aaj crowd screams
modi main crowd screams
modi bahut crowd screams
4.5lac crore investment in india by uae.wow..everyone chanting modi . modi modi in dubai
crown prince of uae has decided to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india, says pm modi. modi in dubai
. please add a modi speech category to your app notifications. so i can turn it off
faces of people in d crowd listening to modi s stupid speech gives an impression that they hv been forced to sit out thr.
respect for good gesture.
watch modi ji live from dubai live at all tv channels
with all this hoopla modi is bringing india just 4,50,000 crore rupees??
kejriwal can get more money by posing for selfie.
love u so much but whenever u visits foreign country all of them chant modi ask them to chant india if i am wrong excuse me
all political parties in must be running scared after master stroke by na mo
pm narendra modi is in mosque in abu dhabi , people are shouting modi modi modi. burnol moments for sagarika , rajdeep and o
rs 4.5 lac crore invt is fine, but when modi will visit mosque in india.
modi in dubai tweet like liberals
modi makes whole stadium to give a stating ovation to the crown prince for giving land for the first ever temple in abudh
modi bridge the gap
modi declares the promise of from the emirates of 450,000 crore in india !!
dis thing laughingeeply damaged needs intervntion goes 2 islamic uae w 1 3 pio indian muslims talks hindunation.
right now most of us are busy getting modi fied.
modi ji charged for forcing and into mass suicides . 4.5 lakh crore investment finalized .
watching modi magic, what a wonderful crowd and modi magic
congressis stashed their illegal wealth in swiss banks,modi getting foreign investments to flow in india,that s the difference modi in dubai
bhai making the audience dance to his speech with background score modi modi modi
traders want pm modi to hold special session for gst bill daily news amp analysis
crowd attendance for i
i see a mini india in dubai pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium
mediacrooks why are jokers in cong getting upset about this? it includes abv also...
those who still wondering amp questioning modi government ask themselves once , have they seen anything like this any pm of any country!!!
modi is brilliant! proud of him!
timesnow i see a mini india in dubai pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai crick
india, uae strongly denounce terrorism in all forms pm modi in dubai
pm modi in conversation with crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan
put your hands up in the air!
sreeniv people like namo the orator but not namo the pm. timesnow
they r still trying to manage a 44
go die you fools at ndtv timesnow indiatoday
incindia these guys were says was modi modi
i admire for his crowd handling capabilities. he loves crowd. crowd loves him. crowd big, very big, huge crowd
every time modi ji speaks i etongueect the speech to last 90 minutes a la independence day speechtongue
modi s dubai address.our pm is brilliant.i am sure even ak will agree.on this one every indian s chest fills with pride!that s our modi!
mediacrooks wth.. this is that puppy modi once referred to? and reporter asking aa
crown prince of uae has pledged to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi in dubai
brilliant again!!
if one sumup all pledges of investment in india , it will be bigger than usa economy
modi seduces audiences with money figures ..... kitnaaa ............. itnnnnaaa. modi in dubai modi magic
modi has just rubbed some mirchi into pak modi in dubai
noooo!!! sachiiinnnnn sacccccchhhhhiiinnn sacccccchhhhhiiinnn
new hike in indian foreign investment by namo govt mata ki jai
we are lucky and its a god gift to us that we have seen namo as our pm modi in dubai
this is the largest number of connecting flights between any two countries narendra modi ji modi in dubai
lol.. verbal diarrhoea.
4.5 lakh crores? somebody tell me how many zeros are there in that figure?
namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai na mo
modi is batting like master blaster
modi in uae 450,000 crore, cool, pls modi ji do give 800 crore now to our veterans, amp keep sushma ji away from that money lol
4 lakh crores to b invested in india by crown prince
feeling sad for modi haters...bloody fuckers
modi is on...
bro, no taxes! who cares about the heat? modi in dubai namo in dubai
one modi is enough to destroy whole congress.abudhabi prince agreed to invest rs4lakh crores in india.modi highlights abt trust.masterstroke
nahyun do you want to be namo too
no more use of dubai as a base by terrorists like dawood. pm modi incredible.
embarrassed by pm activity your opinion on such embarrassment.
after tonight dubai cricket stadium will be known as modi speech stadium modi in dubai
in 1998, it was sachin sachin at sharjah cricket stadium. in 2015, it is modi modi at dubai cricket stadium. powerful speech
modi is a brand without substance ,one day his balloon will burst
crown prince of abu dhabi has promised rs. 4.5 lakh crore investment in india pm modi modi in dubai
dawood ibrahim, barkha ji and sardesai family would be some of the saddest people tonight listening to the modi, modi chants in dubai
modi continues to inspire indians, inside and outside india. disbelieving him is disbelieving strong india.
uae crown prince pledges an investment of 70 bn into india!
speech na mo namo in dubai
pura stadium kushi se jhum raha hai,india me congress ke heartbeat bad gaya hai. sach me modi jee rocked congress shocked
those who know abu dhabi would know how big a step it is to provide land for an indian temple to be set up here pm modi modi in dubai
nearly 5 lakh crore investment promised by the uae pm modi modi in dubai
what none dare of achieving in their wildest dream,a temple in abu dhabi, namo made it possible in one visit marhaba namo
modi haters..pls invest your time to watch him live from usa. ..waiting for your comments..all self certified political literate s
this is a very cheap comment by modi on his predecessor pms including atal bihari vajpayee who too did not find it necessary.
brilliant by modi..this is just phenomenal..
this is the same stadium from where once dawood ibrahim used to rule cricket betting net. now modi to seize all his
50,000 people in a muslim country attending the event of anti muslim modi. just think. modi in dubai modi in uae
the crown prince receiving me at the airport with all five brothers is the greatest honour i have ever received pm
modi speaks about anti terrorism stand taken during namo in uae. a shot in the arm of the d gang. marhaba namo modi in dubai namo in dubai
modi making india powerfull, many historical decision taken in dubai uae
it is not abt divisive politics or abt election, it is the soul of indian diaspora that chants ...modi modi modi in dubai
cringe o you sickularists, hang your heads in shame, hide your faces! feel the envy at yet another rock show in dubai marhaba na mo
u r doing great modi ji.. atleast u have visited uae.. we are thankfull to u modiji..
after almost every sentence people chanting modi modi. amazing modi in dubai
kejriwal calling modi supporters on stage and debating with them, which other politician can do this?
bhaktrolls showing suicidal tendencies on twitter after modi s uae visit, thinking he might end up visiting mosques amp muslim
pm narendra modi ji n cm manohar lal khattar ji you encouraged our volunteers of mumbai cleanses campaign by ur tweet.
modi in dubai haters gonna hate.. are those paid crowds ?? he can pull crowd anywhere.. that s the power of his words. modi modi
ha ha epic trolling by modi modi in dubai
modi won d hearts of 125 crore indians with his choice of words modi in dubai
what are you suggesting? get into skywards program and become a frequent flyer?
dear the images of huge numbers of muslims at modi s dubai rally will impact bihar... just saying and im sure you know
two kinda jobs that modi has established as pm event management and translation. modi in dubai
dawood ibrahim, barkha ji and sardesai family would be some of the saddest people tonight listening to the modi, modi chants
the crown prince has promised an investment of 4.5 lakh crores in india pm modi
though he should continue to hate muslims of his own country.
,it s a great honour to modi ji and india ..it s all about your commitment and great vision .
good modi talking about the money too. congis who thought he was bungee jumping there should know.
uae introducing shirk. after fall of mecca in 629 ad,idolatry reintroduced for first time by uae in arab lands
modi gets 4.5 lakh crores investment promise from crown prince.lol that must be still less that looted amount. right? modi in dubai
seculars see who is chanting modi modi modi ?
i have witnessed two things in my life
1. sachin... sachin.. sachin.. sachin...
and
2. modi.. modi... modi... modi.. modi..
namoo? tree?
modi is praising prince crown so much i am worried sheikh mohammad will take him back home tonight...
pm modi an atmosphere of trust has been established during my visit
pm modi terrorists should be given maxium possible punishment
modi in dubai modi loving the speech! how can we even compare him to other pm s other than mr vajpayee
pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see mini india in dubai it is said that indians deprived of opportunities in in
pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi modi in dubai
pm modi s visit will be an honour for our country president sirisena at the joint press meet with pm
for me modi is no short of any super hero who raised hopes in billions about indian politics who had left their hope modi in dubai
dear the images of huge numbers of muslims at modi s dubai rally will impact bihar... just saying and im sure
uae takes back land
take care if he says he wants to buy something.....
in last two days, my general knowledge on uae has sky rocketed from 0 to marhaba namo modi in dubai
hazard has more goals from open play, than modi has successful mous
whatever modi might claim, india will become really advance when people won t act like crazy when they are shown on big screen.
when will pm modi will do the same for muslims.
if modi ji would have got wages of indians in gulf equal 2 european, his visit would hv been a success. what in addressing 1 2
cringe o you sickularists, hang your heads in shame, hide your faces! feel the envy at yet another rock show in dub
great achievement by modi ji in uae
pm narendra modi etongueected to address over 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium.
live watch pm modi in uae pm modi wishes keralites happy new year in malayam prime minister narendra mod...
fools from congress not able to digest modi success in dubai
nashidwasta one by two chants heard in dubai stadium
why modi ji is treated like r..khi sawant,guys he is doing great!!.please don t make controversies.
irony of india there could be a hindu temple in uae but it is hard to have ram mandir in ayodhya modi in dubai
modi refers to the resolve to jointly with uae fight terror and hints that terrorists sheltered by pak and having assets in uae aint no safe
challenge to pm modi if you are what you say you are on leadership bring in programs that such indians would want to settle back in india
i think modi s uae trip is becoming more of a charade. most public rallies are but this one is too close for comfort. modin dubai
modi more than 700 flights are there between india and uae but,
but it took 34 years for pm to visit this nation uae
overwhelming crowd at dubai cricket stadium for pm modi s address modi in dubai
modi roaring very excited
uae decided to invest 4.5 lac crore in india.
ohhh man salute to you..!! modi brings 4.5 lakh cr from dubai.
really proud of you..!! modi in dubai
har taraf modi ka jalwa.i am feeling so strong like an american.
if you hear lone voice chanting, modi jiiii..... after 15 minute into the speech, that none other than yours truly
if the environment continues to be this, crown prince will soon get up amp start chanting modi.. modi !!
modi visits various countries just to count the number of nri s staying there.
pm modi thanks the crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for allotting land to build a temple in abu dhabi. via
a prime minister giving a bania wali speech ..at dubai stadium .
we already knew that
modi uses 100 of whatever chance he gets to troll the opposition.
modi in dubai phaas gaya...red letter day for india and end of dawood...
all national news channels are covering modi ji s live speech from dubai. modi in dubai bjp modi forever
baha mata ki jai
all my seniors will be preparing 10 cheat sheets each for me to attack modi and people supportin
modi in dubai today atleast few ll faint after seeing modi modi chants and this pic
modi in dubai modi!!modi!!modi echoing all over the ground..it s nt due to 6 s amp 4 s of cricket match it s cz namo is hitting
modi is in quite the form eh...
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai
i am just too impressed with modi today. just too impressed.
i am witnessing a mini india in dubai, respect to me shows respect for india s changing image pm modi in dubai
pm modi says dubai crown prince has promised to invest rs 4.5 lakh cr in india modi in dubai
uae has given a strong message against terrorism from this land today pm modi marhaba namo
modi rocked amidst thunderous shouting of modi modi...in dubai cricket stadium..even exceeded madison sq event!
4.5 lakh carore invest by uae in india
gr8 achivement by modi ji
modi wave is over !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
smart!
only namo
has promised an investment of 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi in dubai
modi asked for banana chips.the end
i think modi and his confidence, style is sure to rub off on all indian leaders across the board industry, politics, sports all of it.
this time modi great work in dubai
the message is to pakistan. hope we can stop acting as if modi is fighting mla election in bihar
good point, modi. there are 700 flights between india and the uae and it took 34 years for an indian prime minister to visit.
samajnewale samaj jayenge modi on joint statement against terror by india and uae. great dig at pakistan!
agree!
live uae agreed to invest 4.5 lakh crore in india modi
namo ll learn to pronounce hridayam naranja onashamsakal before he comes back to india.
this is real face of modi sarkar. these bjp fuckers talk about uniting india? they beat up our veterans. they eat...
modi v r bringing investment from blah blah country. pressitutes amp jealous opposition aftr a month kahan hai development? kaha aya pesa?
the papu is preparing for another note to shout again on secularism.! modi magic
the goodwill modi commands is there for all to see. it would be a pity to waste this opportunity for a better india so true
don against modi
modi thanks crown prince for granting space for temple
urge indians to give standing ovation !
pm modi terrorists should be given maximum possible punishment
modi, in an apparent reference to pak, signals out punishing terror backers! modi in uae
one modi is enough to destroy whole congress.abudhabi prince agreed to invest rs4lakh crores in india.modi highlights abt tr
modi ready to take 4lac crore from ?? isnt that halaal beef eating circumsized muslim money? bhakts happy to use that? modi in uae
why is modi talking about rahul gandhi?
crown prince
bringing broad smiles to people s faces, those living away from home, in uae. he deserves the slogan being shouted. modi modi
only sachin tendulkar can give such brilliant type of performance by narendra modi marhaba namo na mo in uae
dear modi, did u tell them how to treat promises?
modi in dubai modi did not add any new friend to india but definitely losing russia!
modi is openly mocking islamist terrorism from there. its not even subtle smiley
crowd cheering modi modi !
journos must be moaning deep .
uae allots land for first temple in abu dhabion the occasion of pm narendra modi s visi...
modi in dubai amp warmth amongst ppl shows d popularity of modi amp ppl s confidence in indian govt.1st time india witnessing so
modi in dubai namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
delighted to read tweets of aa ptards they are burning
so much for getting the petro dollars to india.
modi refers to the resolve to jointly with uae fight terror and hints that terrorists sheltered by pak and having assets
namo proud of so many flights to uae. better look at the price of ticket for 4 hours
4.5 lakh crores to be invested in india.modi gets ondia its pie.well fact is that india is the most stable happening place
blow to modi
madam while pointing finger three will point at you as well.
more you criticise more it will get stronger.
we are with namo..
pakistanis must be shaking in their boots listening to modi s speech in dubai,in some words no exiles terrorists will be given haven in uae
modi ji can give us 15 lakhs from this account and later when he gets black money back he can give it back to prince
i am grateful that uae has supported india s bid for permanent seat in unsc narendra modi
modi gets 4.5 lakh crores investment promise from crown prince.lol that must be still less that looted amount.
those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi
modi in dubai bringing broad smiles to people s faces, those living away from home, in uae. he deserves the slogan being shouted. modi modi..
the sham of us democracy that refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo shaker aamer is the l...
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi
modi woos uae says india has 1 trillion investment potential
today modi made my day
modi modi modi modi modi
my heart s full of joy ji
you rock
modi saying indian temple instead of hindu temple implying india is a hindu state. outrageee congressi amp aaptards modi in dubai
modi trolling pakistan at their adopted home ground. the audacity!
modi...modi...chant
and some say that he has no influence outside gujarat watching modi in uae...
best thing happened on cricket stadium is modi s speech. modi in dubai
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes ..masjid jakar mandir k liye jagah le li,well played, sir.thanks to prince of dubai modi in dubai
there is absolutely no doubt that pm modi is still very popular, both in india and nris, but unfortunately same can t be said about his govt
finally sagarika ghose will feel happy about modi
modi warns pakistan on terror. modi in dubai
oh lord modi just outplaced pakistan. sarcasm at its very best.excellent modi in dubai
the indian diaspora had been largely forgotten, relegated to pravas bhartiya diwas ceremonies.but now namo has arrived to reach out directly
modi is so overrated.
confession i have way too much fun whenever modi visits overseas. memes ki dukaan lag jaati hai lol.
live watch pm modi in uae sent clear message that terrorism won t be tolerated pm modi
is there a count on no. of s modi has generated ?? it will blow your mind
modi thrilled that crown prince received him. indiraji was received by the king himself shows the class and status of india s pms
just like he had promised acche din...
modi in dubai works to 24 7 for india while pappu so duffer wd run to bangkok or some undisclosed hush hush location to save india from modi!
uae announcing land for a hindu temple proves that modi is a communal leader.
sickularananda saraswathi
why pm modi failed to impress in his second i day speech
ndtv the joint statement between our nations is extremely pleasing pm modi in dubai
pm modi makes a jibe at pakistan indirectly invoking terrorism issue. uae has joined hands with india against pak. modi in dubai
samajhne wale samajh jayenge modi warns pakistan indirectly .
those who can understand will understand it modi says the oblique reference to threat of terrorism from pakistan in joint statement
on fire .
ndtv the crown prince has promised an investment of 4.5 lakh crores in india pm modi
after pm indiragandhi,our presidents have visited uae but due to reasons pm bajpayee etc couldn t.so pl modi ji think before
this is tight slap on pakistan, no mercy for spreading terrorism, now no money to pursue it. only modi can do this marhaba namo modi in dubai
challenge to pm modi if you are what you say you are on leadership bring in programs that such indians would want to set
modi made 26 foreign visits as pm before making his first trip to the mideast. most of those trips were to asia and europe. modi in dubai
watch today s speech of modi modi in dubai and watch some youtube videos speech. specially that applause piece. similarity?
sssare modi hatters and congi asslickers india mae hi choot gaye hai..
there is no point criticising modi s events.if economy rs continue to fall,jobs not created then this would be lost in history
this is nothing there will be several records feel the power of nationalism and patriotism
i think modi s uae trip is becoming more of a charade. most public rallies are but this one is too close for comfort. modiin dubai
sometimes i wonder who is the best??? atal or modi ???
modi speaking about terrorism in dubai.
hope he remember gujrat riots. modi in dubai
modi s people connect is next to none.....
rahul s people connect to none.
yes absolutely!
greatness of sri narendra damodhardas modi and his highness sheikh mohammad. they are divine power on this ea h to serve peace humanity
baha mata ki j
prince hv to work hard to shout from cheat sheet by hiding itsmiley
modi says, samajne wale samaj jayenge , the crowd goes berserk. talk about plating to the galleries, and he beats everyone. modi in dubai
pm modi insisted that india should be given permanent membership in un sec council
speech dekh lo sath me twitter
modi s dubai mallu new year wish a few minutes ago became the 2nd best dialogue ever. after savarigirigiri.
naughty boy,there s a skeleton in his own cupboard ..
hazard has more goals from open play, than the number of times modi makes sense
see modi also has papers with speech notes. nothing wrong with it. rahul can carry it, modi can carry it...anyone can
give my money back....
ok i am ready to buy everything..
modi hater left in between of modi s speech. sickular
pm modi asks audience to give standing ovation to crown prince as thanking gesture for allowing a plot to temple in abu dhab
fenku is bringing umbrella frm dubai i guess as a souvenir riding n a camel laughing p modi in uae
attend to the muck back home in uk. india is safe with narendra modi amp with indians. brilliant post! by
live those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi
can never forget the love and welcome that i got from crown prince. the love is not directed to a person but to the 125
yes modi is the best pm ever we have. great future of india ahead with modi sir. feeling proud to be modi as pm
modi in dubai boasting of getting land for hindu temple in an islamic country has forgotten that he is pm of a secular country?
those claiming to be sole proprietors of idea of india wake up amp smell the coffee.
pm modi uae decided to invest 4.5 lakh cr in india
thanks pm modi to bring a land for temple in abu dhabi
bjp4tamilnadu isupportnamo pm modi greets people of kerala.
modi in dubai saal ek shuruaat anek international yo
modi in dubai modi entered masjid in dubai but was absent from iftar party organised by president of india. why?
the best part about all this is, clearly doesn t give a fuck what you think or do or cry about. he ll go about doing what he has to do
and that my friends is how it is done!
he ll hold another iftar party jlt
modi is a rock star. wherever he goes. modi in dubai
there are trolls, us the rw trolls and then there is our godfather narendra modi trolls only from overseas for maximum reach.
too much sir
it is a bahubali moment for modi in dubai ... hope the pseudo seculars listen to the modi chant in dubai..
day is not far when we will have torrents like
modi speech in usa
modi s visit to dubai .
he is not the event manager tom, he is the event.
modi made 26 foreign visits as pm before making his first trip to the mideast. most of those trips were to asia and eu
modi in dubai pride of india...restored again by now support for permanent seat...bravo
he must be interviewing the lone paki isi agent outside stadium on how modi is bad for india.
good one wink
the last indian before pm modi to take uae by storm was a curly haired 25 year old sachin swatting aussies everywhere!
why did pm modi feel ashamed in uae? via
modi thrilled that crown prince received him. indiraji was received by the king himself shows the class and status of
modi talking about yakub without mentioning him and threatening terrorists?
we all thankful to modi ji that he has talked to uae gov for build the temple in abu dhabi....
prime minister modi is hopping from one country to another conveniently n befriending leaders but he is distancing himself from people .
from dubai to delhi
modi, modi chantings in full swing in dubai leading to burnol sales in full swing in delhi.
panch kranti modi ji will be inaugurating 22 skill development centres across bihar
so much rhetoric. hasn t modi now crossed indira gandhi s level of it?
pm modi crown prince supported india s demand for un security council seat
modi from india greets abu dhabi s masdar city, a new generation green start ups in the uae. ht
even the overwhelming reception of modi doesnt make me like dubai, they treat indians like piece of garbage. i hope, that changes.
interesting updates on pm modi..visit to uae a job well done, keep up the good work
great leaders like modi bring great respect for their nations.
somewhere anurag kashyap is thinking of taking modi in lead role in next movie. true swagger modi is. modiin uae modi in dubai
so is dawood being welcomed by modi !!
modialn uae modi killed many birds with one stone..congress, jdu etc not being able to just digest one mosque visit!!!!
the indian diaspora had been largely forgotten, relegated to pravas bhartiya diwas ceremonies.but now namo has arrived t
in uae pm offers 1 trillion investment to erase deficit of 34 years modi in dubai
i think modi and his confidence, style is sure to rub off on all indian leaders across the board industry, politics, sp
vote on the poll is modi s foreign visit helpful? on via
modi ministry pm modi addresses 50,000 indians at dubai cricket stadium highlights
i am grateful that uae has supported india s bid for permanent seat in unsc narendra modi namo in dubai
the chips r down for namo domestically, wat better way to shine than to appear secular in a muslim land
pm modi welcomes uae support for india becoming a permanent member in the united nations security council
modi concert has alot of ooo aaaaa coming from the crowd. problem is, such sounds come out of a himesh reshammiya concert too. modi in uae
pm modi gives indirect warning to dawood in front of 50000 crowd at cricket stadium dubai ....
thanks to modi.
now we all koe the number of indians staying in outside countries
good point, modi. there are 700 flights between india and the uae and it took 34 years for an indian prime minister to visit
congress what did modi bring from his foreign tours? crown prince 4.5 lakh crore! love! burnol sale skyrockets modi in dubai modi in uae
congressis stashed their illegal wealth in swiss banks,modi getting foreign investments to flow in india,that s the di
burnol moment 4 modi haters. modi in dubai
those who indulge in terror must be punished pm modi in dubai
if you are baffled at how asaaram, radhe maa and other charlatans get massive followings then you need to look at modi tamashas.
dear nitish and lalu, the images of huge numbers of muslims at modi s dubai rally will impact bihar... namo in dubai
uae has promised to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi modiin dubai
after modi refusal, what next for development of punjab and sikhs
modi rock show you should proud to be indian
those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi in dubai
can i roam around in mini skirts?
muslims cheering on .i put muslims in quotes as muslims supporting modi are seen as not being muslim enough. modi in dubai
spectators brave more than 40 degrees of heat to get inside the dubai cricket stadium to listen pm, narendra modi s address. modi in dubai
our prime minister sure knows how to take over prime time !! hearing modi speech for the first time.
yeah! modi should have told sharif, chalo, free food, free travel, might get some gifts too.
watching pm modi deliver speech in dubai, proud moment......
modi in dubai works to 24 7 for india while pappu so duffer wd run to bangkok or some undisclosed hush hush location to save i
namo will of course rub it in,when it is his turn.sorry about that! tongue
could be both.
anand sharma will say inc got this money
extremely grateful to crown prince of abu dhabi, emirates and uae rulers, should every indian thank him? pm modi v
pm narendra modi asks the gathering to give standing ovation to crown prince of abu dhabi via ani news
my friend you are wrong. their god is pappu so duffer so they call themselves
before showing sweet dreams to uae, modi should fulfill commitments made to veterans at home!
modi s move proved effective as pak abuses arabs
pm modi says india amp uae strongly denounce terrorism in all forms modi in dubai
people must have not cheered a sachin tendulkars sixer so much as they are cheering every punch by namo! modi in dubai
modi visit india uae to crack down on terrorism radicalisation
pm modi has done a great job in uae. this is a great beginning in stopping religion based terrorism.
when have you seen our prime minister sharing details of his bilateral talks with us. i can remember vajpayee and now modi
land for temple is not the parameter,its a respect for the around 30 indians living there and it came only with namo there!!! modi in dubai
our narendra modi address was from heart in dubai.
i was very impressed.
india is being projected well.
modi modi modi modi chants the stadium listening to the artistic and the opportunistic orator in modi in dubai
don t really agree with it being an achievement. all the fdi he s won from the trip helps though. also modi promises a lot ..
can t any stupid words than this by a country s pm
uae assured modi to support indian permanent seat at the un......modi announced
prime minister modi s 34 year reminder. why is congress angry? tap to watch the newshour debate live wit
sheiks in are amazed seeing the euphoria of indian diaspora and chant of modi. hs any leader evr been loved so much
we should aggressively engage with all regional powers.this is a big step taken by modi govt.will enhance our soft power status.
pm modi says strong foundation laid for diplomatic ties to help future generations modi in dubai
modi ji can give us 15 lakhs from this account and later when he gets black money back he can give it back to prince s
sure release masarrat...
awesome full support from all the community modi rocks again modi in dubai
shamelessness ki heights..shares picture of gorkhaland agitation n says modi dictator.
great speech amp motivation watching narendra modi in dubai, united arab emirates
hopefully the message gets delivered properly tongue
good to see that you are also watching....marhaba namo modi in dubai
uae has supported india s demand for permanent membership to the un security council pm modi
live those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi ht
modi uae has agreed to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india...
congress die....isase jyada ka to hum scam karte the...
till today s modi speech sachin s batting vs aus in 1998 at sharjah was d best performance by an indian in uae.
panch kranti modi ji will be inaugurating 22 skill development centres across bihar ht
muslims cheering on .i put muslims in quotes as muslims supporting modi are seen as not being muslim en
we are namo lt 3
someone is jealous smiley
modi in dubai n going to build a temple but you have nothing
brahma gets bombed at erawan temple in bangkok. are they going to blame pakistan and the isi hello! mr modi we are waiting..go ahead.
again shows her dumbness..as if modi s events organized by usa or uae..its by indians..
burnol moment for those who say na mo visits are for fun amp so on. 4.5 lac crores investment on from uae. modi in dubai
modi government set to reverse stand on land purchases. for analysis from new delhi
uae has committed rs.4.50 lakh crores investment in india.this is the charm of modi ji. congress, on the other hand, ruined monsoon session.
namo s giving speech in dubai right now.
modi haters apply coldwater 2 burnt area modi in dubai
swachh bharat mission yet to take off in 14 states but modi claimed credit for completing it??
iam in now modi meeting live watching cricket stadium
only awaiting to see if the wave becomes a tsunami or is swallowed in the indian storm of legacy politics
no other pm spent 18 hrs a day working. no vices, come up the hard way without support, a real comon man s prime minister is modi
pm modi takes a jibe at pakistan regarding its state sponsored terrorism. says uae india will cooperate against terrorism. modi in dubai
pm modi uae supports india s bid for permanent membership at the unsc.
doing respect of our prime minister .
live pm modi in uae watch indian diaspora recreate madison square like event for modi
modi ji rocking
abu dhabi open to supplying more oil to india minister indian pm narendra modi, who is on a two day visit to...
modi s sly game is too strong.
ya man ask for washing machine and check electric fee k, let us know we xo modi for u. don t do uself k. do for us k
live streaming...
watch marhaba namo forward together na mo in dubai on youtube
pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see mini india in dubai pm modi why dont you create a mini dubai in india amp reverse the trend
loved the speech of sir modi..
great n wat a grand reception nd honour is being given to marhaba modi... simply superb...so very fruitful visit..jai ho
uae agreed to invest 4.5 lakh crore in india modi
indeed!
well said
modi in dubai modi addresses indian diaspora in dubai live updates
i will save pakistan from modi n rss rahul gandhi
modi concert has alot of ooo aaaaa coming from the crowd. problem is, such sounds come out of a himesh reshammiya concert
maverick modi enthralling dubai audience. great preparation but no script. making it sound like a spontaneous dialog. masterclass uae
he used the significance of new year day of kerala calendar to woo keralites in uae
modi pissing off united nations...
narendra modi is second person to be cheared at dubai stadium
first one was sachin tendulkar
foundation i see before me a mini india, says pm modi to indian diaspora in dubai
indian prime minister narendra modi is in the united arab emirates on a two day official
crownprince of has decided to invest 4.5 lacs crore rupee in . let s welcome this initiative of crownprince amp narendra modi
chants of modi modi all over! just an incredible atmosphere! modi in dubai
pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast in bangkok pm modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took place outside...
at least modi tells where he goes, unlike rahul gandhi, an elected mp, who goes on secret trips abroad for months.
pm modi live at dubai cricket stadium
uae prince i will invest 4.5 cr in india
modi pakka promise?
prince yes yes modi promise! wink wink
namo in dubai is the reason why im proud to be indian in 2015.
new year ? i thought that was in april !
likes of sagarika, bdutt, sardesai, ayyub, bainjal et al must be requiring burnol by the kilo watching muslims cheer modi like a celebrity
event managers are needed for raga. modi is the show himself!
modi to crowd kitna ???
crowd 4.5 lakh crore.
temple in uae ! hatzz off modi ji
pm call cook frm india sanjeev kapoor.salute 2 royalty of modi ji.doesn t think same 4 poor ppl. modi in uae htt
people chanting modi modi, same as
people uses to chant for sachin sachin !
congress what did modi bring from his foreign tours? crown prince 4.5 lakh crore! love! burnol sale skyrockets
fyi, mvmnt has been infiltrated by bjp moles, to prevent, just in case, it frm becoming an anti modi mvmnt. dangerous
take a look at the cartoon in today s the hindu! by
cudnt agree more bro!
who doesn t like na mo may i know the reason! no offence namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
gt gt gt masters voice
modi in dubai commies presstitutes liberals see with your eyes wide open the support amp appeal of namo,his charisma has taken world by surprise.
namo strikes again.
otherwise what does modi proposes? he will be lynched if he shows disrepect. the crown prince is not swaraj or raje
this is what all abt mass leader. modi the national mass leader after rajiv.
modi gives a perfect speech,acts amazingly opposition but wo jo modi ne 3rd minute mein 4th word bola,wo sahi nai tha. outrage!!!
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes in dubai cricket stadium
uae india s islamic pm modi announce that arab sheikhs will invest rs 4 lakh crore in india for rape amp conversion of non muzzie women.
hey dawood ibrahim, what if you rule in dubai, you can t stand in a stadium like modi and face such a huge crowd even in dubai.
watching modi speech on ddnews webcast
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi
r u gone crazy?? only 4000 people..i think its around 50k people inside stadium..hindustan times always against modi
congress may claim that its a modi s election rally and he s contesting from dubai, lol, modi in dubai
marhabanamo live
2 days visit and an investment of 4.5lac crore kamal kar diya modi saab modi in dubai
like this photo from dubai ? of course, this is not congress style hired audience
modi talking about terrorists in dubai. ubhh ohhh modi in dubai
if modi ji would have got wages of indians in gulf equal 2 european, his visit would hv been a success. what i
finally a permanent seat of india in un.. thanks to the efforts of namo and crown prince of abu dhabi marhaba namo modi in dubai
it s a fraud ab initio played on hardworking indians in dubai is throwing at these indian workers
un is still not able to define terrorism narendra modi
video pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi 1to1onlynews pm...
worst failure of pakistan foreign policy of nawaz regime
uae assured modi to support indian permanent seat at the un..modi said
sickulara
the story of narendra modi amp lal krishna advani is like sachin tendulkar amp rahul dravid, both are awesome but only one
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modi modi 1to1only news pm narendra modi...
he said toilet but those who tweeting from toilets only can t hear in sound of flush
every one loves modi modi in dubai
modi now trolling un. that too very badly. haha
our indian muslim brothers in
dubai gave a terrifying reception
were in all praise to mr modi .. !!!
prime minister narendra modi is addressing a 50,000 strong indian diaspora at the cricket stadium of dubai thi...
what did cong guy sycophant of queen say modi will not be known out of gujarat eat crow mani,a chaiwalah has made us more proud than steph
thanks the rulers of uae as they have requested to add india to the un security council.
those who need to, will today understand our message on terror, says pm modi in dubai
modi has a charismatic personality and his oratory skills r excellent which many world leaders don t hv what an extempore speech!
there is no match for modi jee on ,.....tele vision.
what s going on? prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok ndtv get leads gt
some morons were cribbing about his visit, even asking who is modi go figure you fools! modi in dubai
pm modi says uae has supported india s bid for a permanent seat in un security council modi in dubai
un hasn t been able to define terrorism properly till now pm modi in dubai
bsln modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to facilitate r...
look who turned to be a fan lol
in zero sum game of indo pak relations, wondering if modi s apparently successful uae visit signify a loss for pak!!
want to chant modi ..modi. .modi. .live in front of him..sometime..someday.
modi ready to take 4lac crore from ?? isnt that halaal beef eating circumsized muslim money? bhakts happy to use that
no electricity for modi speech, same happened during his swearing in ceremony. modi in dubai
. but our namo is the man jo karde unhoni ko honi
for this moment, i am ready to cast my vote for another 10 times to modi ji. modi in dubai
next unga will be exciting when namo comes to ny!
when modi talks... na mo rocks in dubai namo in dubai marhaba namo
prince myself mohammed bin zayed al nahyan ,aka crown prince .
modi arey hum toh pyaar se crown prince hi bula lege
what about
ye hai jalwa.modi made me as strong as american feel.
pm modi crown prince of abu dhabi supported india s demand for un sec council seat
i am grateful that uae has supported india s bid for permanent seat in unsc narendra modi ji modi in dubai
so many muslims chanting modi, modi in stadium. adarsh liberals crying in one corner. modi in duba
there is no match for modi jee on ,.....tele vision. modi in dubai
the media has given their verdict. rockstar modi in dubai. tail wagging
the way indians are shouting modi modi in dubai, proves dt finally india has got a leader. gt . watch modi in dubai
imo modi should visit dubai frequently. modi in dubai
from foreign tours modi in dubai does not achieve any thing significant , but back home sanghis feel like modi has conquered world.
modi ji has owned the dubai cricket ground.very much like sachin tendulkar did at sharjah in 1998.
definition of terrorism at the un is long pending with the un narendra modi
modi in dubai mr. modi is enjoying selfees in dubai
when electing pms like modi become a habit with indians and the likes of mother son gandhis are banished into oblivion.
pakistan cricket team must invite modi to all their uae matches to attract crowd. modi in dubai
i will not believe in this modi show if this ended without brought to you by wizcraft in association with manikchand pan masala .
.modi asked indian disapora to asked to say thanks king of abudabi on goving land for hindu temple.
i wonder if any msm outlet will choose to carry a pic of indian muslims cheering namo at the dubai crkt stadium!
what was s reaction whn people chanted modi modi at sz mosque?
hai mai loot gayee,
modi s dubai address.our pm is brilliant.i am sure even ak will agree.on this one every indian s chest fills with pride!that s
modi ji hitting 4s n 6s in dubai cricket stadium... modi in dubai
yes, mr prime minister, including ab vajpayee modi in dubai
modi in dubai namo rocks! articulate, strategic, insightful, statesmanly.
modi came on the scene as a rock star.now time for the pyrotechnniques to begin to get the show rocking .
thats really a direct message from modi to pakistan and all those supporting terrorism,,,,congress and other sikulars note that!!
modi in uae dear crown prince. due to modi we got ache din in india. keep him in uae for few years he will bring you ache din
now bhakts will start loving muslims
atleast kuchh to achha kiya modi ji ne
narendra modi showing his 56 inch seena today.
what a great and aspiring speech by our hon pm narendra modi in dubai. really overwhelming. felt proud of our nation and our pm
our pm was no different than people s champ the rock, when chants of modi modi echoed in d stadium modi in dubai
blame it on modi the entire crowd has been ferried from india to dubai .
surya ray i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights
modi sips water on stage
twitter bhakts whatay watersipping namo ji ji ji
pm modi thanks the crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan for allotting land to build a temple in
dear pm modi ji, the great prime minister in history of india, we feels proud to have you, please visit south africa also.
modi is ashamed of everything, except what happened under his rule in 2002. yo modi so shameful
waching live megha show of pm modi dubai
was watching a kid giving tv bytes on modi. kiddo said, she loves modi cartoons bachey bhagwan ka roop! modi in uae
don t think everyone like your extremist sanghis, islam is religion of compassion, peace.
previously the whole family watched the indian epics together. now everyone watches modi speeches together modi in dubai
modi uncle can lure hottest of girls with his words.
modi and subtle...come now...smiley
thats why i am reading ur twts as it brings peace in my mind while others speach modi gives headache. modi in dubai
modi thanked abudhabi prince from bottom of his heart for the permission 4 the first temple there!
and half of what he spoke is sanskrit which you crypto persians don t get!
a key step against terrorism taken by our favorite pm narendra modi .
uae has supported india s position on terrorism narendra modi
i hope those who were complaining that modi didn t mention terrorism in the 15th aug speech are listening to him right now.
surprises r never far frm people r in awe of him is an understatement. may b english wl have 2 coin a new word for namo effect
not much concerned about what narendra modi is doing over there but i feel sad what happened there in thailand. be strong bangkok.
varanasilive a big slap to those who said modi is only famous among hindus amp no one k
bhai lets leave few things to god .
pimp media gang were absolutely right has no influence outside gujarat na mo in uae
dear modi saab, why dont you visit a mosque in india ? not only zayed mosque every mosque is a power bank of almighty allaah
am i the only one who finds namo s voice annoying!
modi is mr. india sources
narendra modi keeping to his words that he will guard india like a chaukidar.
adarsh librals this is not good enough, we will agree only if muslims in india support !
he is traitor !
modi is daring to criticise ...he he.
joint statement between the united arab emirates amp the republic of india
vianarendra modi app
dsnadkarni999 pm modi s address at investors meet at masdar city in abu dhabi
watch and
twitter bandh..
wanna 2 hear modi only now.
packed stadium wid 50k crowd,10k waiting outside, amp only 2chants,bharat mata ki jay, amp modi modi
uae ready 2 invest 4.5lakhcrores
modi concert has alot of ooo aaaaa coming from the crowd. problem is, such sounds come out of a himesh reshammiya concert too. modi in dubai
for a change u got every word correct ... modi didn t
times now
abuses modi amp supports congress
shows modi in dubai live
instantly after show claims it is no.1 news channel
yes modi is the best event manager and rahul gandhi is the best event damager.
modi in dubai pappu so duffer will now say modi is making abu dhabi secular by making temple there
i love u sir
did you see aunty, thousands of muslims cheering for namo??
and namo didn t even have to wear a skull cap for this!!
no true muslim would cheer modi in dubai
tweet like adarsh liberal
uae has supported india s candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi modi in uae
temple in abu dhabi due to pm modi
not sure why people are surprised by the crowd, modi is doing what he does the best. great orators bring in crowd irrespective of profession
always a proud moment to listen to modi ji specially presenting bharat overseas modi in dubai
narendra modi sir speech influence all indians which stay in different countries......
modi has tracked back more in one year, than hazard in his career.
ndtv those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has reson
let s call it tsu na mo
india uae joint statement carries a strong message against terrorism. it s a clear hint to those who indulge in terror pm narendra modi
ndtv those who need to, will today understand our message on terror, says pm modi in d
i don t know whether this is true or not but if it is true please take an action .... hope it reaches you..
i hope those who were complaining that modi didn t mention terrorism in the 15th aug speech are listening to him right n
modi should also tell. after i came the value of aed increased considerably and you are becoming more richer. modi in dubai
spectators brave more than 40 degrees of heat to get inside the dubai cricket stadium to listen pm, narendra modi s address.
i was etongueecting modi may say something in malayalam
but surprised... thanks modi ji
very true, morons of rss can only produce drama amp jumla.. nothing substantial for the country
barkha dutt reaction after watching modi in dubai speech amp kerala fan following for modi
can talk like modi?
modi going extempore, yet to the point hitting the right cord with the people.. marhaba namo modi in dubai
uae allows indian prime minister to use dubai stadium for speech against pakistan amp threatens pakistan
but he is visible!!
how can u say its speech papper
he even single time didn t see it
nd plz
don t compare rahul pappu with statesman namo
pride of india. pm of india. narendra modi modi in dubai
pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see mini india in dubai pm modi why dont you create a mini dubai in india amp rev
media of uae says a super hero
our pm was no different than people s champ the rock, when chants of modi modi echoed in d stadium modi in dub
seems namo is determined to prove you prophet by proving you right .
thankyou modi g
wot say congress? r these not muslims who r with modi.. good governance yahi hota hai
this is the victory on hearts of world community
congress slams pm narendra modi for targeting previous govts on foreign soil economic times
pm s uae visit narendra modi again attacks previous governments, congress ... economic times
he r gandhi is the greatest circus clown that free india has ever seen.
pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae times of india
modi is wright
the way modi is sucking up to the crown prince, he deserves the tag more than any other indian leader modi in dubai
hmm. seems modi is going down a storm here in the uae.
neat.
very shrewd of modi to frequently refer to crown prince to appreciate his efforts. modi in dubai
temple, investment, terrorism, unscmemnbrshp, janlokpalmodi is truly playing with slave workers soft feelings modi in dubai
and namo didn t even have to wear a skull
this presstitue with porki connection, s rear on fire....
modi licking it.... amp loving it modi in dubai
modi in dubai un don t know about terrorism only modi knows..
but sadly it doesn t resonate in india with few getting bails amp few on bail!
marhaba modi.....first ever temple in dubai.....thats modi magic!!!!!!
modi in dubai pm modi s speech so far rs4.5 lakh crore investment, land for first temple in uae, joint statement on terror.
50k indians giving standing ovation on one go of modi.... modi in dubai
in zero sum game of indo pak relations, wondering if modi s apparently successful uae visit signifies a loss for pak
according to sanjay jha all these people attending marhaba modi are bought in trucks from kochi
uae has supported india s demand for permanent membership to the un security council modi in dubai
barkha dutt reaction after watching modi in dubai speech amp kerala fan following for modi ht
uae supports india s permanent membership in un..awesome modi ji.
smiley that s modi mania
hey dawood ibrahim, what if you rule in dubai, you can t stand in a stadium like modi and face such a huge crowd even
shame...shame... for modi govt. our ex armyman write with him blood for orop
hope modi declares from dubai stadium.. modi in dubai
you mean great revolution free india has seen in modi. we pardon your vocabulary. modi in dubai
thanks his highness king amp family of uae for cooperation with india and honour of our prim minister sh. narendra modi.
modi in dubai and modi modi in all the hearts!
what a speech u r giving at uae. .. just truly stunning. .. namo namo...
pm modi takes a jibe at pakistan regarding its state sponsored terrorism. says uae india will cooperate against terrorism.
dear modi, before talking about dealing with terrorists how about dealing with pakistan first?
the hindi film song krishn kare to rasslilla aur hum kare to character dhila , goes very well with modi, bjp amp bhakts
because media is not acknowledging, what pm modi is contributing to india , indians all over the world comes together to ensure india first
modi in dubai pm modi s speech so far rs4.5 lakh crore investment, land for first temple in uae, joint statement on te
what a great and aspiring speech by our hon pm narendra modi in dubai. really overwhelming. felt proud of our nation a
modi visits the 3rd largest mosque in the world amp that country allots land for temple building.a perfect recipe for media
listing to modi speech always boost confidence. a great leader india has after a long time
marhaba namo pm modi addresses indian etongueatriates in dubai modi, who is on a two day visit to the united ara...
pm narendra modis uae visit quick take prime minister narendra modis visit to the united arab emirates has...
see the welcome namo gets in uae. making india proud abroad. salute you. modi in uae
modi gives a perfect speech,acts amazingly opposition but wo jo modi ne 3rd minute mein 4th word bola,wo sahi nai tha. out
modi in the neighbourhood.
not sure why people are surprised by the crowd, modi is doing what he does the best. great orators bring in crowd irrespe
earth again.fair and green, modi and magni, take up your horn and partake the sacred mead of asgard can you hear it!
faces tough choices asia times
namo, while you re at it, please bring d and or his associates back. great etongueectations
rss modi used b4 elections and nw both acting like impotents
long, hot wait for those headed to marhaba namo
modi in dubai so far land for temple in uae, 4.5 lakh cr investment in india, cooperation against terror
has modi just indicated about dawood...
marhaba namo !!
awesome speech, elated. namo in dubai
na mo rocks in dubai stadium packed.what a great leader.india rising. namo in dubai
proud to be living in a country lead by a prime minister who has a spine of iron and a heart of gold ....modi rocks....
is modi planning something worldwide??
people chanting modi modi.... from dubai.... for our pm.. modi ji.. modi in dubai
standing ovation for crown prince of abu dhabi says pm modi for allocation of temple land modi in dubai modi in uae
saline please....
seeing modi in dubai i also want to become prime minister of india. arvind kejriwal nitish kumar
live from uae listening to narendra modi
sir! you speak against modi at your own peril.
his supporters can take no criticism, not even suggestions
get pm modi on live speech only on newsmobile.in
now modi gonna taunt
who s the proxy in india?
uae cricket stadiums witnessed great indian innings twice
a senior amp credible cong leader reveals that be it the vadra or herald case dynasty has been assured of no harm .
sitnb emirates247 modi in dubai live thousands still queuing up to enter the stadium
modi storm in uae will blow away the opponents and pseudo seculars smiley
modi in uae jai hind
that smile says it all
pm modi meets the crown prince of abu dhabi, his highness sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan
the muslims i spotted in the dubai gallery cheering for modi are dawoodi bohras. there is a difference. thank u
epic scenes would be..
modi speaking at dadar station during peak hours
well said!
india proud of etongueatriates modi
cos it works in their favor to keep it flexible! modi in dubai
modi uae has agreed to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india. modi in dubai
shaikh gave permission to modi to give this long speech in uae is in itself a big deal. this shows how powerful persona he is.
uae has supported india s candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi modi in dubai
bhakts not replying anti modi tweets!
why?
because are all jerking off seeing modu chodu on tv!
modi cracking it in ... way to go won over ! thanks to the crown prince abu dhabi
pakis must be watching the namo speech anxiously modi in dubai
i want to thank the rulers that they have backed indias candidature for a permanent seat in unsc pm modi in dubai
modi at cricket stadium and he say thanks to crown prince of
i guess it should be pappu s first agenda when he becomes pm meanwhile let do what he can do.
we want all minister should work like amp mehenati...
now when i went to the temple in meena bazar area, many familiar faces were missing. all at namo
tats modi , for him its business nothing else, india first. india in safe hands
they can t find even find a hole to hide reason why deployed for dirty tricks. sick .
as per the coordinator of the event, modi instructed to have a malayali to host the event, also give importance to kerala traditional arts
those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today modi
doval gameplan in action?
pm modi the way the world looks at india has changed today
modi ji is a good pm of india
goosbumps pic love you modi
can modi be rahul dravid? i like him more
pm narendra modi uae has supported india s bid for a permanent seat in un security council modi in dubai
uae has backed india s bid for unsc permanent seat pm modi
modiin uae bldg a temple, getting support for un position, strong repeated references to fighting terrorism.
we have amazing pm like narendra modi ji
bc ye kya tha
the kind of reception modi is getting from etongueats and locals alike in uae, indian seculars and msm will need...
modi arey hum toh pyaar se crown prince hi bula
mr modi taking india to new level..
wherever visit he asks for investment but why investors of our own country dose not invest in our country.
modi if we think contemporary
his highness pm india in dubai! 4.4 trillion deal fixed watching narendra modi live in springfield, va,...
..thought u were talking abt modi s speech. smiley
people who question na mo wave need 2 see what respect he gets in the world! namo can make india reach where no one can i
mind blowing speech modi sir.your words are a inspiration!rock on modi sir! modi in dubai modi magic
live marhaba modi chant on in dubai as the pm gets ready for his speech
modi in uae the uproar of indians from all over the world clearly depicts how happy we are with modi being the ray of hope for better india
better you become spokes person in any anti modi party where you can etongueress your feelings openly you ll feel relieved.
appoint full time ed director soon subramanian swamy to pm modi the enforcement directorate ed is of the v...
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi on monday thanked the ...
pm modi s uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai in a major breakthrough, india and the u...
trust pm modi is referring crown prince of abu dhabi every emirate in uae has his own respected crown prince
the way the world looks at india has changed today pm modi in dubai
because media is not acknowledging, what pm modi is contributing to india , indians all over the world comes together to ensu
modis leap of vision is india ready for a larger role? analysis
definitely modi ji hitting a century in abudabi cricket ground.
modi threatening pakistan from the uae grounds......anti pakistan address of modi in uae...... is uae fall into the hands of modi????
with will definitely many in india.... modi magic again na mo trust modi sarkar
amp they wish he pappu was like him namo .
70000 ppl in dubai stadium to hear modi ..speaks a lot about his popularity world wide modi in dubai
india is getting ri8 place in the world. happy for that.
thank you namo.
pride as an indian? asks in modi in dubai address
he is the peoples pm.
doval gam
there are many fight between india and
uae but took 34 years for a pm to visit in
uae says narendra modi
mr modi, pm, who belongs to ideology of rss,which arouses hatred against muslims here, is seeking investments from muslim countries
as of now 1000 not out ! still going strong....dcs hosted 17 odi s and 1 modi!!
you can see the shine in the eyes of a person who hears the word india . the reason is india s changed image narendra modi
becoming fan of modi s arms.
really appreciate your updates on namo love and respect from india
modi in dubai plz come back n stop thm to do strike thy deserve much better than this.
i somehow get a feeling that the 15 lakhs citizen jumla will complete a full circle with uae promising 4.5 lakh crore investments to modi.
what a delight to watch u modi jii, u make a history wherever u go across the world, modi modi modi in dubai..
i didn t know toi had sponsored modi s dubai trip. i saw one yellow banner there. oh that was toilet. anyways it s too similar. modi in dubai
the last time so many people sang the national anthem was during when playe modi in dubai he is a rock star. cha
sir please address the nation from nestle india hq too
shef me follow officiallunartm
u can not imagine modi s style of governance no pm had ever thought of meeting nri in mass meeting incredible.
hindu temple in abu dhabi! sickulars will now say modi didnt ask for mosque there, only temple,hence communal! burnol moment!! modi in dubai
very strong statement by modi on un not deciding definition of terrorism and terrorist state. only modi can do it
uae has supported india s candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi marhaba namo
thats modi for you !!!!
pm modi asks indian diaspora to give standing ovation to his highness crown prince of auh for alloting land for ... crown prince of abu dhabi
he is not modi he is moti
wow wow barking
uae assured modi to support indian permanent seat at un..modi said
saggy aunty so what if 50k etongueatriates r cheering pm modi,d real test wd b when they cheer 1 amp only true leader of ind gt pappu! mahraba modi
tell you modi will win an election in uae if they have one now...easy going style, full flow, knows he s ribbing seculars..winning the crowd
nearly 70 billion usd investment promised by uae to india says indian pm modi modi in dubai
modi says, samajne wale samaj jayenge , the crowd goes berserk. talk about plating to the galleries, and he beats everyone.
whethr u hate or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u.or u r paid to hate. namo in dubai
many people stood against the aib roast but no one stands against modi roasting congress openly! modi in dubai
rajdeep..how are u feeling after listening namo today?
around the world in 365 days. learn it from us modi in dubai
you can see the shine in the eyes of a person who hears the word india . the reason is india s changed image narendra m
till today s modi speech sachin s batting vs aus in 1998 at sharjah was d best performance by a
proud to be an indian. view has been changed towards india coz of 125 crore indian s who chosen modi.
modi warning pakistan on arab soil in a large public gathering!!!! if you believe in your idea...unbelievable things happen!!!
u r to good. modi love to hear you speak you should ask papu to listen n learn from u
did namo say this?
modi s speech is making sheikh mohammad cum with multiple orgasms!
pm invokes pride in india. not because of modi, he says, but bcoz of 125 cr ppl.
modi ji is on fire, he s outstanding today modi in dubai
namo has managed to communalize even foreign shores. temple in abu dhabi. modi in dubai
great sppech by namo.. look at the crowd...
this is amazing to see modi in uae great sir
do the right thing and the world will follow you...modi is the example modi in dubai
modi talking of un resolution should be remembered of the resolution.
mr modi..dawood was supposedly roaming free in dubai..what abt other criminals wantd in india roaming free in dubai modi in dubai
the only person who will give modi an inferiority complex
burnol should start manufacturing their tubes from rajdeep sagarika s house. they need it every time modi speaks!
one tight slap to by retired soldier on
they trust modi more then the traitor kejriwal
modi in dubai. huge response from indian diaspora in dubai. rock star modi repeats madison again . applause at every bullet sentence
pm modi during his visit to masdar city choicest images prime minister narendra modi s two day visit to uae t...
na mo rocks in dubai modi makes all proud in dubai. he is a rock star
you never know if modi will put on a show something like this to keep his hosts happy!
pm modi is not listening to our soldiers. sign the petition and force him to act
bollywood stars have become too demanding and now modi replaces them in shows all over the world. the show will end in 2019.
in only 2 days an investment of 4.5 lakh crores and jitters, shock and a strong msg to pak and dawood, only namo can do it.
modi is taking credit for all we indians built over 69 years!!!
people eagerly listening to s speech on screens outside the stadium modi in dubai modi rocksin dubai
no mattr what his short comings,modi knows how 2 swing a crowd non pareil
did modi just say that we were never proud of our country before again? indirectly that too?
yes modi sir, keep it up
whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u. or u r paid to hate.
our very intelligent, intellectual, scholar, pm s mind blowing speech
it shows
d depth of deprivation
in modi s childhood n youth days which he is making up
at cronies n now state costs
uae has supported india s candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi india tv
namo cloud cover the uae
modi will say this, i tweeted
dear , that was sly on your country pakistan
in may 2014, indians voted for clear majority government after 30 years narendra modi
na mo rocks in dubai it is a transparent govt.
watch the crowd. not only hindus....but nationalists. you are allergic to loyalty to india. we know.
namo gives 56 chest to every indian
they should not be given state protection, funeral and made head of government.
and with good reason! people underestimate positioning!
no! i am not a namo follower! besides all his speeches are like an election campaign! if his pmo is like his pro then wud be gud
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes at
dubai international cricket stadium...well
played, sir... modi in dubai
thats really a direct message from modi to pakistan and all those supporting terrorism,,,,congress and other sikulars not
to fight against terrorism, you have given us clear indications pm modi in dubai
first hindu temple to come up in dubai, only can do this modi in dubai
are the two even comparable? modiin uae modi in dubai
you can see the shine in the eyes of a person who hears the word india .the reason is india s changed image pm modi
modi s references to pakistan must feel thinly veiled only if you aren t pakistan. otherwise it must be like getting slapped in winter.
modi in dubai modi takes relations with whichever country he visits to a new high. yet they rate him among most stupid pms. tragic!!
drinking game take a shot each time modi speaks about himself in third person
hi r. balakrishnan balakrishnanr, do u want to get free iph0ne 6 today? please check my bi0. thx
failed 2 understand! indian yawns during pm speech on iday,but nri shouting modi,modi! strange!
why veiled it should be clear message
arvind kejriwal went to uae to get a 20cr donation for himself aap . modi get a 40billion investment for the country.
while you are watching modi in dubai, don t forget to read this piece that details why his visit is significant
all news channels suspend their primetime telecasts amp showing live !! modi in dubai modi magic. modi deeply engages uae crowd.
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi. crowd of 17 odi s crowd of 1 modi namo in dubai modi in dubai
pm modi gives credit where it is due people of india. modi in dubai
crown prince, his 5 brothers received me at airport. this is respect for india s changing place in world pm modi in dubai
so is dawood being welcomed by modi .??
thats 60 billion dollars...mind boggling figure its modi magic
tell you modi will win an election in uae if they have one now...easy going style, full flow, knows he s ribbing seculars..
modi is speaking from your home town laughing
uae has supported india s demand for permanent membership in unsc.
ndtv i want to thank the rulers that they have backed indias candidature for a permane
ndtv to fight against terrorism, you have given us clear indications pm modi in dubai
namo rocks in uae
4.5 lacs crore spending india uae.
no one knows modi outside gujarat... remember that mulayam singh???
now go and bury yourself.
sham us democracy refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo
what crowd,. packed stadium erupts into modi ,modi chants during his speech in dubai
in dubai cricket stadium u could see there r toilets written in big , as jiski fatt jaye modi k bhashan se woh waha jaha sake
if not for modi being in the uae can you imagine the all muslims are terrorists jibes because of the bomb blast in a temple in bangkok?
modi sir we etongueect more from u in regard of education
uae has backed india s candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi modi in dubai
modi s references to pakistan must feel thinly veiled only if you aren t pakistan. otherwise it must be like getting slapp
i see before me a mini , says pm modi to indian diaspora in dubai
pm modi when global leaders shake hands with modi they see 125 cr indians
modi has really got swagger. namo in dubai
if its rains in india, people in dubai will open up an umbrella. that close they are modi. modi in dubai
.... in the permanent seat in unsc this year. modi is only pr,entertainment no actual work
pretty much...
bachchan but haha! why they put abhishek bacchhn and sanjay dutt s portrait on wall?to impress ?
any confirmation from dubai! or only modi ji word!
our indian pm sri narendra modi ji giving a power filled oration in the jam packed cricket stadium of dubai uae.
modi in dubai india is changing not because of modi but due to 125 crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but 125 crore indians.
pm narendra modi arrives at dubai cricket stadium amidst chants of modimodi
uae assured modi to support indian permanent seat at un. modi said
pm modi when global leaders shake hands with modi, they see 125 cr indians
if elections were to be held in uae today, modi will simply sweep them
i like the modi in uae is good video on modi in uae is good via
s asaduddin owaisi s rally did mimicry of pm
i can guess what modi will say...
hazard has scored more goals from open play modi not implementing policies he promised
the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the 125 crore people of india pm modi in dubai
love ! never misses a chance to rub it in that got a ripped a new one last may.
when one shakes hand with , he feels the strength of 125 million with modi there. marhaba namo modi in dubai namo in dubai
1.25 crore and ladies n gentlemen its not modi its you that is being remembered more.
while you are watching modi in dubai, don t forget to read this piece that details why his visit is significant s
modi his pr team can write punch dialogues for rajinikanth, salman khan. that good
why modi is not speaking on lalit modi yet in his speech congress modi in dubai modi magic
can t believe you guys are this stoned all the time. patriotic hash
those who indulge in terror must be punished modi in uae !! those who corrupt also should be punished mr modi
lalit gate
. any thoughts?
modi in dubai india is changing not because of modi but due to 125 crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but
the language used was interesting considering nsa level talks r round the corner. war of words will continue
those who are critical of modi can remain critical in their attitude the prestitutes, namo says and delivers it marhaba namo modi in dubai
got to give that to him. modi is doing a great job trolling dubai.
modi in dubai modi got forty five lakh crore inr
credit due to modi. he is eating into arnab goswami time!!!
dynamic speech by modi.....!!! really great
bakhts are amazing modi ji agar isis ki be tareef karay they will come to defend it 100 uae is truely secular today
modi in dubai omg! such a huge crowd in dubai, its so gud to see ppl shouting modi 2 outside india smiley hez a true rock star na mo rocks in dubai
i am so lucky that i hv a strong leader i am feeling like american.live long modi
only thing i wish start chanting india india with modi modi.. namo in dubai
, i am so sad, i lost the opportunity to listen your speech modi ji ..
unless wahabi salafi guys are on board.... it doesn t count...
na mo rocks in dubai dubai chants and kejri baba it his fake award. now aapturds howbeit feeling?...
one of the low points of my life on twitter. for even sane sanghis, modi is a holy cowsad
what a massive crowd.chants of modi modi modi... ... amazing!!!
modi in dubai shaking hands with is shaking hands with 1.25 billion indians! , you re getting predictable! losing charm!
target, 10 seats on next assembly elections?
i see a pied piper in namo.....
when modi g mentions 125 crore people of india it excludes wink
pm narendra modi is relishing trolling pakistan and secularists
probably the first time he has openly trolled pakistan.
in last 15 months there has been no single allegation of corruption against my government. pm modi
with the number of indians in uae, i won t be surprised if many people asked pm modi to carry parcels for their relatives.
the country awaits its powerful leader to give some moral power and support to his armed forces..namo namo.
the last time a storm swept up the dubai landscape, it was sachin s desert storm. modi recreating the same magic marhaba namo dubai in modi
uae s warm welcome to pm modi signals a major shift in the middle east foreign policy. a new moment in indo arab relations.
i think modi s rally in is becoming more of a charade. most public rallies are but this one is too close for comfort. modiin dubai
pm modi when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with 125 cr indians.
modi in dubai and they said no one knows modi outside gujrat
thanks to modi
india has shown rise in gdp.
for rest of the countries it s gpl .
i can see 80 sarcasm in modi s speech evrytym!
live ive standing ovation to crown prince for temple, says pm modi
no one dissing modi speech live on twitter. is he really that good or am i following all the right people?
modi has no achievements to talk so still hard selling 2014 victory which was anyway due 2 sponsorship of crony capitalists
what humility!
namo why is india progressing?
crowd modi modi
namo not bcoz of me but bcoz of you all 125 crore indians
top leaders of world see 1.25 crore indians nd not me when they shake hands with modi pm
pm narendra modi to inaugurate rs 6,200 crore road projects in bihar tomorrow zipped news
. india is changing not because of modi but due to 125 crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but 125 crore indians
tomorrow morons like anand sharma and other congis trolls will try to belittle modi ..and tv channels will come drooling for bytes
we have been seeing the pm delivering speech 4m red fort for years but na mo scripts diff story w invincible spirit.
haha.! one fraud to help another fraudster is wat media would tel now.! laughing
pm modi global institutions agree that india is the most rapidly developing nation
this is modi modi strom modi in dubai
pm modi makes a jibe at pakistan indirectly invoking terrorism issue. uae has joined hands with india against pak. modi in
pffft....snigger, snigger... modi refers to himself in third person? modi in dubai
difference between who went to dubai to beg for amp who gets funds for
the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the 125 crore people of india pm modi in du
wonderful speech by modi
after speech sagarika will count the number of times he mentions his highness crown prince of abu dhabi
i want to thank uae for backing indias demand for a permanent seat in un security council pm modi
for those who says is only popular in hindus.
i am proud indian to be in modified age. temple . talk on terror. investment. entire dubai chanting modi modi wat else. incredible
drindrajeetrai modi in dubai pm modi s speech so far rs4.5 lakh crore investment, land for first temple in uae, joint statement on ter
pm modi takes dig at pakistan, says joint statement with uae sends clear message on terror
imf, world bank, moody ratings all describe india as the fastest growing economy narendra modi
the world sees india in a different way now.this change is not because of me but it s bcos of d citizens of our country modi ji
jai modi
our indian muslim brothers
in dubai gave a terrifying
reception were in all praise
to mr modi .. !
modi should stop his speech right now on humanitarian grounds.
modi look too much energetic today.....
modi weaves his magic in dubai this time. modi in dubai
in only 2 days an investment of 4.5 lakh crores and jitters, shock and a strong msg to pak and dawood, only namo can do it
i think narendra modi is on world tour. seriously.
all news channels suspend their primetime telecasts amp showing live !! modi in dubai modi magic. modi deeply eng
rest morger son duo would be convinced that modi should be stopped from succeeding. disruption is their sole game.
change is not because of modi. its because of 125 crore indian wishes and their passion n hope. modi in dubai
ndtv the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the 125 crore people of india pm modi in du
here s the background to why uae has gone out of its way to be nice. good catch by mea and modi.
speech the only thing i love about modi ji modi in dubai waah waah
all rating agencies have ranked india among fastest growing economies of the world narendra modi
one of the best motivational speaker na mo salute
maybe there was no airspace for pms flight! !
crown prince, we know today, who are you, through pm h e ... narendra bhai modi. thank you very much sir .
drindrajeetrai modi in dubai india is changing not because of modi but due to 125 crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but 1
modi playing team india card to the hilt!
adarsh liberal group getting its due attention.
whoa..modi induced a standing ovation for his highness crown prince in dubai stadium. awesome!!
listening live .... our sir...
modi modi naare everywhere ....
in uae ...
lol now this is too much, modi rakhis
there are many people in my family who are modi fans. but they dont give a rats ass about the local bjp wing or leaders.
i think modi s rally in is becoming more of a charade. most public rallies are but this one is too close for comfort.
haha amp then anand sharma said namo is unbecoming of a pm.if he is not a pm material then who is? modi in dubai marhaba modi
the world sees india in a different way now.this change is not because of me but it s bcos of d citizens of our country mo
muslims in india chanting mosque mosque...
modi in dubai modi takes relations with whichever country he visits to a new high. yet they rate him among most stupid pms. tra
earlier we used to listen sachinnnnnn....sachinnnnnn
but now its age of transformation
it s age of modiiiiii...modi....
filmy, if i have to sum up modi s speech modi in dubai
modi speaking at dubai i felt so happy to see a mammoth crowd over 50000 people full house dubai cricket stadium...
new career goal to become narendra modi s travel agent
modi should take raadhe ma on his next trip. should be fun
east or west, namo is the best modi in uae
live tv watch prime minister narendra modi s speech at dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai
prime minister modi was trying to make relationalship among all people of world
ha ha ! will amp must go 2 grave thinking about it !
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights india news ndtv achedinaanewale
modi in full form today. burnol sales r sky rocket modi in dubai
thousands of muslims cheering 4 modi in uae today..nd modi need not wear skull cap..
rahul gandhi talking to media modi is also using cheat sheet for his speech. reading something in malayalam
3novices i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister narendra modi on a
modi the mesmeriser woos the crowd with such ease that it appears as if he is weaving a magic wand amp they are all hypnotised.
wow!! watching live namo speech...
modi in dubai na mo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
for sensible sane people they are indians! you can keep sub dividing
fastest developing country in the world is india narendra modi modi in dubai
never imagined modi in dubai will be a big hit. it shows how muslims in india have been misguided by their own leaders about namo.
modi has announced fresh subsidy on burnol !! why don t you try cheap one
how does narendra modi cramp all these ideas in his mind and etongueress them at the exact right time. a true yogi he is
full on drama in dubai where were these theatrics in the independence speech
modi is the most loved amp famous indian celebrity worldwide... after shah rukh khan, obviously. modi in uae modi in dubai
modi ji now other countries have changed the way they look at india.. do you know why??
public modi modi modi
smiley
waiting for aa ptards n adarsh liberals to post photos of empty stadium behind n claim it was a flop show modi in dubai
desert storm.
1998 warne has nightmares about sachin hitting him for sixes
2015 dawood has nightmares about modi seizing his accounts?
if not for modi being in the uae can you imagine the all muslims are terrorists jibes because of the bomb blast in a temple
so if dawood ibrahim is now spotted in dubai, he will be returned to his rightful masters? modi in dubai
modi is killing it. whatever you say about the man, his confidence is top notch!
watching indian pm s speech in
i am telling the world to make in india narendra modi
greater chance4india2abolish microtax personal sucking bloods from deadbodies,replacing it with prospectivetax !
credit to modi. he is eating into arnab goswami time.
those ppl who feel modi is travelling across world should see how much money he is getting to india.. big slap to critics
modi has been using savasau caror for sometime now. i believe the number would ve increased by now. modi in dubai
namo is on fire
feeling proud........!!!!!!!
and roared the lion of india....
jai hind...jai bharat.
modi is a mass leader than a politician modi in dubai
modiji luking very confident amp relaxed than ever. god bless our namo. unbelievable crowd in the stadium! modi in uae
modi in dubai the only difference between madison square and dubai reception is episode. mariana namo !!
who is behind namo victory in centre.is congress lost due to asad factor? kindly don t be so nieve!
mr modi, pm, who belongs to ideology of rss,which arouses hatred against muslims here, is seeking investments from musl
how many times did modi address d uae crown prince as his highness ... any count on dat..
i have seen modi rallies but this modi in dubai is another level, crowd response is unbelievable
imagine manmohan singh at the spot where modi is. what will the atmosphere there be like?
i want to thank uae for backing indias demand for a permanent seat in un security council pm modi modi in dubai
modi asks which country is making the fastest progress in the world. crowd responds india.
exactluly
modi will build a road from ahmedabad to dubai over the sea
imf, world bank or moodys have all praised indias growth rate pm modi
namo namo rocks in dubai its awesome to listen you narendra modi
sorry to say, but mallus is dubai are so ignorant abt modi.
the language used was interesting considering nsa level talks r round the corner. war of words will c
pm modi takes dig at pakistan, says joint statement with uae sends clear message on terror modi in dubai
watch how na mo rocks dubai
some of our liberals too are feigning ignorance....
all p members rejected...
when you said,they will support .
by the time namo s tenure as pm will end, the travel agency handling his traveling account would have earned for their saath pushton.
modi has no achievements to talk so still hard selling 2014 victory which was anyway due 2 sponsorship
slaughters 2000 muslims in gujrat amp then takes a begging bowl to not for the people of but to enrich
but still, modi should have wore skull cap while giving his speech at dubai if he believes in equality sagarika
2015 dawood has nightmares about modi seizing his
historic journey of namo....
modi ki speech suni?
hain, tabhi to sleeping pills le raha huin
so many muslims supporting modi. now waiting for aaptards and rahul baba to claim it was all fake amp made up. modi in dubai
madhuri dixit is watching modi s speech but instead of modi! modi! , all she hears is mohini! mohini! mohini!
modi ji love your speech !!!! i m watching you...... u r ultimate proud to have u as our prime minister ... na mo rocks in dubai ...... smiley smiley
drindrajeetrai modi in dubai india is changing not because of modi but due to 125 crore indians. every world leade
seats behind modi are totally empty it s fail program....tweet like aa ptrads chor congress
i m watching modi s speech in a single window broadcast. yes i m watching dd news. uninterrupted
i have heard frm inside sources that its 1 million each above 6 years of age and half a million 4 bron but below 6.
modi rocks in dubai. have a lurking suspicion tht smthg is brewing amongst several nations in strategic coop. amp modi is the main protagonist.
and this is for questioning modi s inaction, nah , cold shoulder to ap
camera regularly focussing on 3 dawoodi bohras at the modi tamasha. dreading a muslim tag on them in media.
dream merchant does not interact even with 1.25 common indian in a moth even
namo got his funding game on fleek. another 4.5 lakh crore in the indian bag
modi ji, you do get veg food in dubai! and alot of it u know? tongue you dont need to carry along sanjeev kapoor to cook veg! lol namo in dubai
modi in dubai crown prince of uae will allot land for first ever temple in uae. modi effect!!
india as a nation has collapsed 50 of hindus have bcom sickular, other 40 of hindus have bcom slaves of india s mullah pm modi.
pm modi to address indians in dubai
i am a proud indian.salute modi
people out side dubai stadium to get a glimpse of our pm modi today afternoon.
modi rocks!!!
pics sent by ils...
leadership means narendra modi. prime minister powerful modi.
this is not did by modi power ... already uae donates temple at 2013 . don t potrate fake news
another thing...
good to see modi link communalism with terrorism. sadly there is an irony here but nonetheless good acknowledgment.
1 of uae population is under one roof to listen pm narendra modi smiley
hello awasthi sir are you coming to ara tomorrow.. modi jee is coming here.. i m dying to meet him
opportunities hi opportunities hai...
trade, terror to top pm modi s agenda in uae today
top 4 actors
4 srk
3 big b
2 rajnikanth
topper is none other than
1 narendra modi
tu politics bahut follow karta hai na so can u help me in conducting a survey on 1 year of modi government
that is such a cool way of saying it
65 population in india is below 35 years of age narendra modi
noting mild similarity between how modi talks and how rajni talks.
ya today is modi mania again ..this man is a magnet
pm modi india is a country full of opportunities where 65 of people are below age 35
pm modi repeats his clarion call make in india! modi in dubai
i liked a video live marhaba namo pm narendra modis speech from dubai tv9 part1
india is one lucky nation which has 65 per cent population under 35 years of age pm modi
saggy aunty so what if 50k etongueatriates r cheering pm modi,d real test wd b when they cheer 1 amp only true leader of ind gt pappu!
the world s perception has changed towards india. the credit goes to 125 crore indians and not to modi modi in dubai
vote on the poll modi in uae is good for india? on modi in uae is good via
that s the amount congress swallowed with coal amp 2g.
modi like hazard has trickery, sadly not for me personally, i was right about both lacks end product
one thing dat nbdy can take away frm mr. modi is his glibness. his artfully persuasive words nvr fail to resonate wid d crowd. modi in dubai
india is growing faster than any nation around the world. i m telling the world, make in india.
100 sure pm modi ji will say that ppl coming from dubai to india will get visa on arrival, usual jumla foreign statement modi in dubai
to mr modi ..
world leader namo
feb 14 inc govt approved orop
sanctioned 500cr to start
namo didn t carry forward
today even protestors humiliated?
25 countries in 15 months, what next mr.prime minister
prime minister narendra modi has visited 25 countries...
read many jokes on in the morning. after the release of dubai stadium pics, there is a dead silence on the timelines of those handles
modi in dubai watch live narendra modi addresses crowd in dubai
truly!
watching modiji s amazing speech amp love of dubai for modi ji. don t miss.....
uae has supported india s candidature for permanent membership at un security council modi modi in dubai
modi ji recycle his speech every time he visits new country. but, bhaiyon behno sawa sau karad janta remains constant. modi in uae
while channels are discussing strategic importance of pm modi s visit to uae, nidhi razdan is venting her anger in ndtv out o
in india, 65 percent of the country is below 35 years of age. india is a young nation pm modi
history in dubai! namo speech will be remembered for centuries ahead.. marhaba,marhaba!!
there are trolls, us the rw trolls and then there is our godfather narendra modi trolls only from overseas for maximum re
pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity touae
modi in dubai the crowd cheers modi ..modi... feeling so proud......
modi india is full of opportunities.
ias lobby we agree
india is a country full of opportunities where 65 of people are below age 35 pm modi in dubai
probably the first time he has openly trolled pakistan
is modi s rally in bihar tomorrow?
secular headlines tomorrow modi speaks to a predominantly malyalee audience in hindi in a foreign land!
how universe have spit on their faces!
listening to namo ji .....
pm namo like always will deliver a dialogue in the same language of the country he is visiting, this time it will be in
good to see modi link communalism with terrorism. sadly there is an irony here but nonetheless good acknowledgment. s
pm modi s uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai in a major zee news
vegetarian mo di ji competing u worldtour.
more than a political speech. looks like pm modi is giving an audition for a place in bollywood. too much drama! modi in dubai
modi is too briliiant in understanding the mood crowd.....................
again... my moment to say awwww ! pm modi gives credit to 1.25 crores indians for everything. such a humble person he is.
not much concerned about what narendra modi is doing over there but i feel sad what happened there in thailand. be strong ban
marhaba modi will not comment on why jonny evans did not train today. ssn
young india
can change india
can make history..!!
pm modi ji
no that s not a cheering for sachin in a cricket stadium, that s narendra damordas modi! modi in dubai
do ghosts tweet
in uniting indians across the world
sorry to say, but mallus of dubai are so ignorant abt modi.
modi ji,what a connection he always create with public.really feel proud to see him getting response respect n craziness in abroad.
modi in dubai modi show indian power in uae
i know lots of muslim modi supporters, including 1 from nearby mosque who contested for last yr smiley
chants of modi modi in dubai...bloating with pride here in india! modi in dubai modi rocks in dubai
india is a country full of opportunities where 65 of people are below age 35 pm modi in dubai htt
modi sir plz stop to asking these. kuch ni hone wala. modi in dubai
the great event in dubai was started by sri narendra damodhar das modi and hh shaikh mohammad now greatness seen by world
like must hv had instant orgasm on modi s mosque visit but effect must have lasted few sec due 2 d temple
what did cong guy sycophant of queen say modi will not be known out of gujarat eat crow mani,a chaiwalah has made us more p
its not modi wave, its a storm. modi in dubai
65 population in india is below 35 years of age narendra modi ji modi in dubai
i believe swami vivekanand s dream 2 make bharat vishwa guru will be fulfilled by namo definitely.
modi ji please give subsidy on burnol they need it like hell! sikulars jal jal ke mar jaenge modi in dubai
the world chants modi .
when leaders shake hand wd me dy dont see modi dy see 1.25cr ppl but sir ie bcz of ur stature
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi what he has done for india and business in particular ...
will solve all the issues of nris in uae building a temple.?
waww.!! modi modi
there s been 48 percent growth in fdi in india pm modi
instead of modi, just imagine rahul gandhi giving speech in dubai. it would have been called a stand up comedy night.
modi in uae crowds gather ahead of indian pms dubai speech
uae allowed india to hurl threat to pakistan from its soil. this will have a long lasting effects in relations
journalism gt gt who moved the falafel? narendra modi s arabian adventure comes with a gujarati thali via
why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world apart from bangladesh, t... indian muslims
modi in uae, what a gathering. taking india global. modi in uae
pm modi when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with 125 cr indians. modi in dubai
modi trolling pakistan at their adopted home ground. the audacity!!! samjne vale ko ishara chahiye
just what was needed, raising glass
modi in dubai how come not in dubai to cover modi?? guess he is scared to get again wink
56 inch
no change is modi s sales pitch. repetitive stuff.
but that does not kill the fact that uae govt allowed temple construction aftr meeting with modi.
there s been 48 percent growth in fdi in india pm modi in dubai
pm invokes pride in india. not because of modi, he says, but bcoz of 125 cr ppl. modi in dubai modirocks in dubai
in india, 65 of the country is below 35 years of age. india is a young nation, says pm modi
fdi in india will grow by 48 in one year narendra modi
fdi flow has gone up by 46 per cent in last 14 months pm modi
wow one of best etonguelanation of modi in dubai .thanks ji.
modi is our asset smiley
avg indian gets ecstatic when modi goes bhaiyon aur behnon. for decades no one called them that. leaders reduced us to servants modi in dubai
is again giving proud feeling
madison square moment in dubai
namo trust india allotted
for temple at abudabi clear message to terrorists matha ki jai
it is not wave it is tsunami
proud indians you can take the girl out of but you can t take the out of her!
modi in dubai india is changing not because of modi but due to 125 crore indians. every world leader sees not modi but 125
respect is earned not given on a platter..modi deserves all the adulation he receives due to his hard work and efforts.. modi in dubai
what abt terrorism which flourishing in india by by rss behest of israel. globe trotter feku
full on modi swagger.
we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and make in india ...there are many opportunities pm modi
life in india looks bleak for those who don t toe the hindu rights line. my piece for on the beef ban
this is called being indian.
proud of r honourable pm
modi looks relaxed, confident! his mannerisms while talking about the achievements amp confidence level on what he is able to do.
uae backs bid for unsc seat for india.... namo
modi clearly talking tough on terror. impressive on that count. also, that came before make in india pitch
we stand with veterans because we owe a lot to them, this is unfortunate that modi govt backtracked from the poll promise
fdi in india has increased by 48 !! pm modi. modi in dubai marhaba namo
namo is a real visionary modi in dubai
modi is a marketing genius in disguise of a prime minster
this is not up . little india at dubai stands with namo . now what will the congress do ? modi in dubai namo in dubai
modi is probably only the second person to believe so much in youth. first is abdul kalam, obviously. modi in dubai
because world must know power of india... and how we are growing.. modi in dubai
brilliant..
so for all those who ask what does modi get for india from his foreign visits
crown prince of abu dhabi has...
umm yeah. this is a modi event. idea of india khatre main. namo in dubai
here...
namo in u
modi came to power with slogan jai jawan jai kisan at every rally
now his new slogan is jai ambani jai adani
uneducated uncouth modi trying to compare himself with indiraji and nehru god give him some sense dubai blues modi shames india
what will u do if modi doesn t do anything substantial for ap by the end of 2015 as u mentioned in recent past ??????
the reason of their silence may be bcoz of the alliance govt. but modi has power like indira ji. so wait nd watch
my tl is flooded with pro modi tweets and that too from
modi being engulfed by the cheer, modi.
modi ji has the best body language to enthr
an increase of 48 in foreign direct investment. modi in dubai na mo
rocks feeling proud
modi was served gujarati food during uae visit. it seems middle east has taken make in india more seriously than we have. modi in dubai
pm hails uae prince for temple land
dubai visit of shri narendra modi reveals that.... he is greatest prime minister of the india.
bomb attack is against modi visit to ua
fdi increased by 48 in few months modi modi in dubai
modi kicking pakistan at their adopted cricket home ground..without even playing against pakistan.. modi in dubai
modi rocking it in without a guitar! modi in dubai
modi s make in india poverty and no democratic rights. modi in dubai
fdi in india will grow by 48 in one year narendra modi ji modi in dubai
na mo magic is still continue watch it live now from
so proud
what a great lines by our prime minister mr. narendra modi, 700 flights from india to dubai than we took 34 years to come here.
at least give some time.
modi picks on ease of doing business. somebody in the stadium start shouting maggi maggi
modi s independence day speech the numbers yahoo finance uk via
you cannot hear modi and not get inspired.. this is the leader that young india needs.. modi modi
after watching modi ji, manmohan singh is thinking asli pm to ye hai, mai to bc chutiya tha modi in dubai modi in uae
modi has raised the bar for future pm s of this nation for at least 25 years. kudos to the man. modi in dubai
india is the youngest country in world, come makein india amp sell anywhere in world , india has the skill youth says pm modi modi in uae
may modi not fulfill his promises
however he may ensure pride of indian outside india
now what we like narendra modi pm indian point of pride with us from the indian take place. har har modi
favoriting
modi in dubai 45 increase in fdi in india in last one year, pm modi says in dubai.
1 modi is more success than 17 dois
if land was alloted then why permission to build coincided with modi s visit. got answers ?
the membership is long overdue to us.thanks to the efforts of mr.modi we are sure to achieve it.
we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and makein india pm modi in dubai
trying figure out zeros in 4.5 lakh crores promised from uae visit of namo. modi in dubai
start up indian, stand up indian,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,youth indian......jai ho
modi has a powerhouse of energy withing.
there s been 48 percent growth in fdi in india, says pm modi. modi in uae
clearly opposition outclassed by vision of pm modi. but they just can t see him rise even the cost of national growth.
people chanting modi modi in dubai reminds you of the operation desert storm of 98.
congress sulking tonight, just like aussies were.
he is referring both ...
today modi speech reminds me the batting of sachin in sharjah desert storm . smiley tongue
grt modi like ur way of ruling
hope ur planning to leave india. pls take care. she must b feeling very uneasy
pak i suppose! modi being modi wudnt give d co. much of importance. clearly!
insane people who do this to live on earth
totally agree with
what upa could not do?
i have never etongueerienced a pm churn out jargon as consistently and as effectively as narendra modi modi in dubai .
ndtv those who need to, will today understand our message on terror, says pm modi in dubai
ndtv the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the 125 crore people of india pm modi in dub
we started . we are asking the world to come and make in india..there are many opportunities modi in dubai
that modi will sweep bihar... ?
modi now talks about make in india, skill india, digital india.
time spares none
modi in dubai in that stadium b4 it was today it is
i guess this was well in advance
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi
how debt is derailing modis plans for better growth
when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india pm modi
did modi just say the youth of are jobless and invites others to come make use of them? modi in dubai
youth congress taking hair amp nails they cut in this box to pm modi s office. asking him to get their dna tested
aaptard reaction after listening modi s speech. modi in dubai
looks like a good initiative and you can help champion this
mra in dubai. before pm modi s speech
in india, 65 percent of the country is below 35 years of age. india is a young nation pm modi in dubai modi in uae
friends there is sever power cut in bihar during pm modi speech in uae.
now apart from peoples prime minister every indian has 56 inch ka seena. thank you prime minister modi. we love you !!!
1000 likes !!!!
back to back setbacks for liberals, so called intellectuals, libtards as wherever modi goes, ppl chant
maybe you need to read how its been a long standing demand before modi arrived on the scene
heres what master chef sanjeev kapoor cooked for pm modi and the royalsyesterday!
india is progressing becoz of 125cr indians, not becoz of modi
when modi speaks, left libtards constipate.
the effect of 125 crore indians, mr. modi would say. burj khalifa modi in dubai jai hind
this would infuriate the mother son duo even more. modi shall have to be stopped. and disruption is the name.
youth congress shave head, cut nails to protest against sushma swaraj. hair amp nails will be sent to pm modi s office! h
people chanting modi modi.. like he hit the ball over to pavilion.. vaise dhunai to congress ki hi ho rhi hai.. modi in dubai
modi touring more than most pop artists
avg indian gets ecstatic when modi goes bhaiyon aur behnon. for decades no one called them that. leaders reduced us to s
absolutely sir. points he s quoting are facts and in practice not just marketing. those efforts will change scenario
salute modi for his excellent speech in dubai amp on his historic achievement. no pm has ever visited uae. anand sharma criticise? any right?
so right..! modi in dubai
pm modi when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with 125 cr indians modi in dubai
she is not of tht stnd tht modi needs to mention her directly or indirectly. .for modi who barkha
can t stop laughing at this
wonderful speech by modi ji ....... salute to the energy nd enthusiasm modi in dubai
that s simply amazing!! 4.5 lakh crore is too much amp its a reply to those who use to criticize modi s foreign trips!
the crown prince of dubai is watching modi ji s lecture to diaspora in arabi.
thank god, modiji could not speak arbi. he knows french.
if modi continues like this burnol sales graph will reach mars very soon. modi in dubai
modi come at me bro
modi in dubai who said modi magic is fainted???? just look at tv in news channel then you will get it smiley
indian pm narendra modi, who is on a two day visit to the uae, wants to bolster trade, investment and business collaboration with the regio
what s up in ?
frustrated goondas amp anarchists
modi wave reached dubai. modi in dubai
always research before you speak.
modi mentions terrorism. is there something else that we don t know? a certain don being screwed? modi in dubai
2 yrs silence for the etongueerts who predicted that relationship with the middle east would collapse if modi ever became the pm.
i think there will be only one stock market alive for next 10 years, the way modi representing india. modi in dubai
lmao. us democracy? it s a sham. unlike cuban, venezuelan, russian and iranian democracy.
india pm modi in dubai, boosting india gulf special relationship. smart move,but still needs to rev up econ reforms.
so true
so is dawood being welcomed by modi. ??
mr modi s visit to uae which was decided all of a sudden is a very intelligent move which should help the country...
modi in dubai with namo, india arrives on the world scene, a luminous, radiant, positive nation out to reclaim its ancient glory.
modi in uae listening to modi speak is like binge drinking.the only inevitability that follows his fake euphoria is a miserable hangover
its high time we must name as . modi in dubai modi magic
live modi in uae indians in dubai epitome of hard work, says pm
others hardly talk, so they didn t had any points to share modi in dubai
dubai has seen sand storms... but now it s modi storm... modi in dubai
hahahaha. thats being generous of you. sir ji.
watch modi sir live. india is shinning.
modi chants in dubai reminded me sachin sachin in sharjah during desert storm modi in dubai
modi govt trying its worst to stop voice of rahul gandhi rg with ftii students
i see a mini india in dubai, says pm modi prime minister narendra modi who is in uae for a two day visit, is interacting with the in...
india has been a victim of terrorism for the last 40 years narendra modi
you have touched a raw nerve of modi s blind bhakts ,be prepared for the abuses
has modi shifted gears from mitron to bhaiyyon aur behenon?
live you are enhancing india s pride pm modi tells indians in dubai
m am ,is there any translator for modi s speech in dubai stadium? how the malyalis,tamils,non hindis will understand the speech?
they say modi is ignoring poor. poverty can b removed thru economic growth for tht foriegn invetsment is required. good job modi in dubai
i don t know what dr manmohan singh must be feeling while watching modi addressing indian diaspora abroad.
for last 40 years, india is suffering the threat of terrorism pm modi
what abt job creation young india ??
youth congress says pm modi a replica of hitler, demands his resignation
he said that the dbtl scheme is launched by his govt,actually they ve only modified amp relaunched the upa govt scheme.
wow she is so lucky to perform for marhaba namo, dubai. truly we indians are born talented.
namo thanks for the new year wishes in malayalam and thanq for making india proud again after madison speech. watching news
when leaders shake hands with modi they don t see they see 1.25 crore says
this mean you listning modi too.
wow!! what a response from pepole in dubai cricket stadium.. i.e modi sir... keep inspiring indians all over globel.
plz wait for mr. modi s returning for rp
modi s speech template in foreign
1. praise the audience, the xyz country.
2. use sava sau karod million times.
1 2
4.5 lakh crore investment by uae in india..... namo
modi always says bhaiyo aur behno .. what about our transgendared brothers and sisters?
modi knows how to troll the pseculars and their financiers in pakistan.
sheila dixit in delhi needed to request people to listen to raga. dubai stadium overflowing with people chanting modi modi
when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india pm modi in dubai
modi in dubai is it a repeat telecast? someone seriously needs to change modi s repetitive speech. different countries same speech
india has been a victim of terrorism for around 40 years pm modi
48 growth in fdi in india. na mo modi in dubai
why should modi have all d fun...smiley
modi says fdi in india has increasd by 48 in d last few months. india is ful of oportunities, reiterated modi while adresing indians in uae
that s namo
what a shame you are sir in the name of our dear armed forces
respected modi ji , what a speech !! entire world is watching.we indians proud to have a great pm like you . jai bharath.
modi visits uae mosque in conciliatory gesture to muslims
read more...
really feel proud to etongueerience the phenomenon called namo
yes. biggest ever market 4 any products made or 4 any services offered. like 125 country in a mega pack .
till now all v heard from our ex pms were words like condemn,sorry,tragic,condolences!n na under modi we hear punish
modi in dubai historical speech on current affair by .
why don t you amp your happy er gt call out modi s biggest lie so far that both upa terms had a prime minister!!
modi is back in candidate mode. candidate modi is awesome. only wish pm modi were as proactive as candidate modi.
the dynamic thinker .... listening to narendra modi
modi ji plz invite me too if the sums are ri8
modi is like the salman khan of politics... modi in dubai
sanjay kaul he is not the event manager tom, he is the event.
congress deeply disappointed that modi doesn t speak on vyapam in dubai modiji rocks in uae modi in dubai
people would very soon realise importance of dr manmohan singh s silence amp his contribution in india s growth.
modi rocking it, without a guitar! modi in dubai
he is referring to bigger morons
modi ji love your speech !!!! i m watching you....u r ultimate proud to have u as our prime minister na mo rocks in dubai
. irony is laughing at modi smiley
reinstallindia amp they wish he pappu was like him namo .
lol! superb sir..
modi speech very passionate wish he had the same passion for our soldiers plz implement orop.
namo a great orator!!!! jai hind!! namo in dubai
it must be a proud moment. i feel envy of you !!! i too could be there. modi modi modi.
land for mandir in uae is not the most significant outcome from modi s visit
modi in dubai lol. factual errors
timesnow excitement builds up at dubai cricket stadium where pm modi will address ind
modi asked hindus to wear skull caps to show that he is not anti muslim.
rofl wait give some time to breathe
liked on youtube pm modi to address the indian community in dubai
...if modi represents 125 crore indians...u also represent 9 crore biharis..
i m all for supporting modi. if amp only if he brings reforms. coz he has all the best cards in his hand. no more excuses dude.
pm modi s uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai in a major breakthrough, india and the uae have agreed to
namo in dubai crowd gathered to hear pm namo s speech at dubai cricket stadium
madison moment in dubai....full house cricket stadium. ... marhaba namo
if you want to bring investment in india then we need good salesman.. you want pm like modi.you can like him or dislike but can t ignore
pm modi address in dubai over whelms large audience. temple in abu dhabi , investment in india , jt statement on terrorism. feel good.
or maybe send them to pakistan, a country that loves these anti india adarsh liberals and hates modi.
in modi the world is actually respecting the rise of this map.....
how dare the police have a field day by attacking old retired armed personal at jantar mantar amp pm modi is silent .
modi speech is becoming so monotonous that it is boring. same words same dialogues. script writers hav lost creativity!!!
modi is really a superman
when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india pm modi in dub
while our media busy in petty matters, modi hurling threats to pak from soil of uae
which indian pm in past hs marketd so beautifully like him in last 60 yrs? na mo
this is the difference between ji s visit and visits
of no real impact on reality in india yet.
aajtak ke paas sirf breaking news hotha hai or every news of modi g is breaking
modi must have hoarded onions in gujarat ...
should do a sting soon !
today democracy is under threat in india . the attack by govt orders on retired defence personal has made me cry . i am
i think i m the only one not watching modi s latest performance. modi in dubai
all modi haters are now demented and delirious, let them blabbermouths say anything.
mr
narander modi pm of india is created by amitabh bachan
true. so true. so fucking true. xxx true.
dubai is known as tourist destination not qatar or saudi arabia. modi visits dubai where as mms visited saudi n qatar modi in dubai thnx!
watching modi s dubai speech. hope modi will soon visit ne and speak about problems of ne too like he speaks on foreign land
live uae plans to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india, pm modi says in dubai via
wen modi addressed indian diaspora n dubai proud moment 4 all of us
p.m narendra modi speech is very heart touch so all indian people is proudly feels.so thanku
lt both u got hate modi syndrome and desperate for some miracle to fulfill your wish of bring down modi
possible bcoz modi has established himself as an avatar who stands tall. respected for his beliefs and integrity
many people have come a long way from terming terrorism as a policing issue pm modi
finally your eyes have opened. 67 voters did not fall for modi s
it is in there interest. who would see anything else ? modi in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
its fun to watch namo trolling pakis in their own backyard.
modi ji, you are on state visit to uae, please uphold dignity of the country ...
modi v r bringing investment from blah blah country. pressitutes amp jealous opposition aftr a month kahan hai development? ka
we started . we are asking the world to come and make in india ...there are many opportunities pm modi modi in dubai
live we are victims of terrorism for 40 years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi in dubai
50k indians at a cricket ground in icc headquarters. ek cricket match to banta hai. modi vs crown prince friendly karwa do koi.
live uae plans to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india, pm modi says in dubai prime mi...
live uae plans to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india, pm modi says in dubai
modi building his image on the hard work of indians!.
my reaction when modi ji speak
we are victims of terrorism for 40 years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi
i m lying here in a hospital with iv drips watching the pro toilet modi orating some good stuff. pm modi modi in uae
hats off... modi ji
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights via
we are victims of terrorism for 40 years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi in dubai
modi or pm modi. without this name u cant sell ur faltoo news?
we are victims of terrorism for 40 years. innocent people have lost their lives modi in dubai
by far far the stupidest and most utterly vile headline i have read in a long time. astonished .
low cost mobile device maker datawind will add 2 manufacturing units in india for contributions in modi s make in india acche din ?
mam while every one busy with namo any update on sri lanka
when life gives you modi.
make investment in india.
make in india modi in dubai
35 years ago leaders did not understand what terror was narendra modi
india is an old country but a young nation
the only thing good about modi s travels is we regularly get new meme material.
another lie from pm modi that first time uae supports unsc seat. it was done in 2010, when pratibha patil visited uae
modi dupes liberals of turning secular by visiting mosque. but gets more land to build temple n promote hindutva. typical!! modi in dubai
his actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, namo a true leader. modi in dubai
don t tell me you fools really do that?
i added a video to a playlist pm modi address indian daispora at dubai cricket stadium
killer statement from modi ji...!!
a terrorist tackling terrorism..what a joke..hahahahahaha
we started . we r asking the world to come ...there are many opportunities
terrorism has no definition and seems to have no limitations narendra modi
pm namo s greatest legacy is changing the perception of indians towards india and making indians proud of their country and its heritage.
50000 indians are working hard and a gappu modi is throwing and insulting the in an organised shindig
modi g not terrorists since 40yr but since independence when the most unfortunate leader nehru took the charge instead of bose modi in uae
modikissgives a perfect speech,acts amazingly opposition but wo jo modi ne 3rd minute me 4th word bola,wo sahi nai tha. outrage modi in dubai
after talking abt joint statement on terrorism samajdar ko ishara kaafi he modi threatening muslims from dubai
ndtv we started make in india. we are asking the world to come and make in india ...the
typical media .. describing more about how many people in the stadium than the content of mr modi s speech .. modi in dubai
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes at dubai intl cricket stadium. modi in dubai
india inc welcomes pm modi s thrust on agriculture, start ups
modi have been victims of terrorism for 40 years.
believe in joint declaration
to ur peril
as seen w other countries.
they hve learnt
frm modi
to promise achche din.
ndtv we are victims of terrorism for 40 years. innocent people have lost their lives pm
modi plays temple run in uae
please stop politics over our muslim friends!
we all support modi
they are pro nation amp pro development! modi in dubai
turns into namo tonight
pic1 sachin s famous six in 1998
pic2 modi s six in 2015 modi in dubai
yes only foreign investment helps to increase economic stability n remove poverty.dear indians understand this
modi s entire focus on this uae trip has been to sully pakistan. nice.
i have heard of many great orators in world but watched only one live. modi. modi in dubai
modi obviously has many faces. one he shows abroad and the other in india. woos others but cares little for indians. modi in dubai
lion roars echoes in middle east against terrorism.
only pm modi can do !!
and u feel modi just let this happen for no reason?
it s amazing not one indian news channel is actively covering bangkok bombing.. instead they r covering modi s dubai visit.. shameful..
nations with a terrorist mindset subtle modi is subtle
listening modi ji....really so hopeful
so is dawood bein
amazing to note all news channels showcasing modi speech. no debate no notice today!
pm modi global community should reject states supporting terrorism
all narendra modi government yojanasschemes
vegetarian mo di ji competing u worldtour. htt
greater chance4india2abolish microtax personal sucking bloods from deadbodies,replacing it with prospectivetax ! s
dubai rockz with namo
modi ki mane toh uae is a better ruler for india. useless modi
pm modi says asking the world to come amp make in india modi in dubai
make in india, that s a new thing in modi s speech. wow, he has started to impress, something new no?
pm modi ji you are dignity of india.
eagerly waiting for modi s visit when he ll speak about fund cut to ne states, deportation of all illegal bangladeshis
i won t stand under the sun, in august, in dubai for even maria sharapova or halwa puri. i salute guys who are waiting to attend modi speech
modi please answer this
narendra modi become 2nd person to get such overwhelming response after sachin in uae. modi in uae
pm modi global community should firmly reject states supporting terrorism
namo is a man with a vision you need visions to do something others were
modi in dubai the only difference between madison square and dubai reception is episode. marhaba namo !!
somehow one s heading from being a joker to a regular neta the other from emperor to a pretender!
pm modi says there are many opportunities for the cos to make in india modi in dubai
modi says india and uae have decided to punish those involved in terror..as if the earlier decision was something else smiley modi in dubai
so.. here s d next modi strategy counter pakistan s terrorism by garnering support on international level.. amp believe u me.. he can amp will
modi modi ..
modi modi...
modi modi..
proroganda
what s wrong with media ..
he is so irritating... annoying ..
it will soon. vote for modi in 2019 amp tell your family amp friends too.
modi taking another dig at pak
modi u beauty na mo rocks in dubai
pm modi time has come for the people of the world to unite against terrorism
modi talking pak terror in uae indians pakis living working peacefully as friends in uae this is not maddison modi in dubai
reuters tv crew was not allowed inside the mosque by security thats why they spreading remours
modi needs to drop pr and start acting like a pm!!
will modi answer why 175000 customers left bsnl in one year?
india full of opportunities. 65 of people are below the age of 35 years pm modi modi in dubai
modi doval will cut dawood s financial emperor first.
all narendra modi government yojanas schemes knowledge infinity its all about awareness
so is dawood being welcomed by you ??
modi ji having great capacitaaaa much more than capacity
modi s speeches are outstanding and they make a huge impact on people of every age group.
that s the real image of a leader.
namo speech going wild in dubai!! modi in dubai
power supply cut in most part of bihar during pm modi address to the indian population in gulf.
sri narendra modi ji speaking live in dubai at the cricket stadium in a jam packed crowd.
brilliant speech by modi! the right amount of anger against terrorism, the right amount of pride towards india. too good! modi in dubai
wasn t he tempted to quip, hum panache hamare pachees?
prime minister narendra modi during a meeting with india community in dubai on monday.
modi at uae.etongueloring indian dimension amongst the world...heightening indian prestige.......
time to fight against terrorism together, and against people who support it narendra modi
today dubai muslims ve shown 2 psycholars of india that modi s loved not hated.befitting reply. thank you dubai
dear , educate them, how can you see them smiling on modi s speech
it is not modi with whom, biggest people of earth shaking hand, but they see 125 c indian and fastest growing economy in front modi in dubai
thunders in dubai.
indians enjoy his eloquence.
creating history
what a powerful speech...
good taliban, bad taliban can t go like this.
modi in dubai........after listening can only say he is the best..the best...... .atleast he can speak n etongueress india.
yet another jugular magic by modi in dubai.words picked and crafted for loud cheers. extends to muslim world, kerala amp spells biz!!!
in two days history made by modi temple in uea support against terrorism and support for un seat what more we want
modi the mesmeriser woos the crowd with such ease that it appears as if he is weaving a magic wand amp they are all hypn
talks about taking responsibility of youths. takes action less talk. more fdi more jobs.
no such thing as good taliban, bad taliban . this won t work now pm modi in dubai
be live it or not modi magic has mad us look lisin amp view news more amp more ,it makes us fill proud indian .in last 11yrs we never felt such
ai to fly from pm modi s constituency, varanasi to sharjah. remember rail ministers used to introduce trains to their places in budget?
dubai en gulfed in modi magic it seems. modi in dubai
a photographers delight!!
muslims of us australia canada uae chanting modi modi amp bldy sickulars congis amp aapturds asses on fire.
modi emphasis more on terrorism in his speech..taking on pakistan left and right..
happening now 1 strong voice 50000 claps and namo chant...
what a spectacular moment...
charismatic character of modi conquers all. man of the moment. is it not a beginning of new era ???
dubai cricket stadium, hosted 17 odi matches and now 1 modi.
i hear the modi govt is cracking down very hard on ngos and foreign funds.
there are 2ipl networks.1network that the youth of the country can see.the other is hidden lalit modi network that works be
modi ripping into pakistan. good to see.
paramount humbleness ! pm modi never takes credit,attributes to 125 cr of us,
namo takes pak hands on! modi in dubai
dats d mistaken belief the economy is sliding and etongueorts r dwindling, etongueort earnings r down
when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india
there is a human tendency..people love to hate! but when it over shadows their thinking..then it becomes dangerous
global community should reject states supporting terrorism pm modi in dubai
good terrorism bad terrorism won t work anymore pm modi in dubai
and as an important corollary will modi let arab princess hunt houbara bustards ? that s the litmus test
, united against , says pm in
spread hate where people are forced to come to make a living cause of people like you
live streaming of namo from uae
one of the most amazing speeches by narendra modi in dubai live now, greatest advantage of our pm is that he really can speak very well.
in uae, modi asking nris to read my book might have helped soothe some of 2002 wounds
ur day ends counting ur modi bashing tweets and retweeting anti modi tweets. day begins with plans for modi bashing.
godbless
modi ji plz invite me too
our in na mo of modi in dubai
modi is true rockstar and a common man. one of the most popular leaders of world.
uae to invest 4.5 lakh crores in make in india..modi is just an outstanding personality,more than a pm
world is noticing india, it s people, its power. namo, the indian tiger is doing an incredible job. modi in dubai
yes watching namo live.
modi speaking about terrorism. now, that, is hindu terror a.k.a saffron terror. lo karlo baat
till 2019 we are going to have a new jhumla every 15 august . ab ki baar hashtag sarkar
people should be asked to decide if they are with terror or with humanity narendra modi
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights
is this the gamechanger event ?? marhaba modi
modi ji has this number of fan in dubai too unbelievable......
reaction of sonia gandhi to narendra modi s thundering speech in uae. modi in dubai
how these maintain themselves doing bungee jumping only on bhasan.
kabhi to reality dekho idiots!!
modi brings up the good taliban bad taliban argument. says this doesn t work. take a stance, with or against terrorists. modi in dubai
this is gt gt
yes, only pm modi ji can do this, comment on good bad terrorism in a muslim country, direct heat to paki
never seen modi talk so strongly about terrorism. very impressed by that
for me, it is one of his strongest, non pr speeches in a while
new temple planned following indian prime minister narendra modi s visit
to meet on august 20
request with namo! please try to prove this nepal as a independent land.
extremely good tht modi ji is talking about terrorism! much much needed on the soil of middle east!
u r just great sir, perfect... so true...
happy indians modi in dubai
congress should see how muslims are cheering on modi s speech ...they should learn...now please dnt do communal politics .
modi speeches remind me on old times amp are like old time ramayan and mahabharat, when markets were shut closed amp people getin their rooms..
some amazing audacity of modi in the heart of islamic country modi in dubai
hollow argument , modi is pm not ed head
live it took 34 years for an indian pm to come to uae, says modi hindustan ti
she knows her place now. epic tweet madam. well predicted and so accurate.
all sickulars must be having a stroke seeing crowd in modi s speech cheering him and supporting him.
india proud of etongueatriates modi modi in dubai narendra modi
modi 125carore supported people
nd pappu
we are proude of our respected pm narendra modi
what s the today situation !!!
live uae plans to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india, pm modi says in dubai fi
modi ji is openly talking against terrorism even in a muslim country, he can t talk so openly in india, liberals will be offended
loving the rock show ... modi performing impromptu as usual ! modi in dubai modi in uae
modi should ask uae to improve it s airport duty free collection. total crap.
we love modi ji one of the great p.m. of india.
should ve known that the man wouldn t disappoint.
we will walk out of our plush south delhi homes and bear the heat and filth to vote for modi . don t u wor
modi is the real india pm. he done something that no one from congress can do in 60 years. we salute u sir pm
ipl is the centre of kala dhan in india. lalit modi is a symbol of black money in the country
congress was busy in looting modi is busy in rebuilding india
modi have not gone like ur pop to beg chanda...he has gone for ....
trashing pakistan from dubai i.e. modi for u . strike when iron is hot . modi in uae modi in dubai
that s simply amazing!! 4.5 lakh crore is too much amp its a reply to those who use to criticize modi s foreign trips! s
modi in dubai modi rattles terror supporting nations and even challenges the united nations for not containing terrorism ..this man got guts!
why s that? i m namo bhkt.
4.5 lac crores investment from uae. ji you are the best leader india ever had.
modi ji trolling porkistan right now on good taliban and bad taliban.
this is serious! for any gov d progress rate always meets the truth when the gov steps down ques has false tendency
i want to thank the rulers that they have backed indias candidature for a permanent seat in unsc pm modi in du
can t help noticing audience making fans out of note bundle during modi s speech in dubai.. how convenient! laughing
no such thing as good taliban, bad taliban . this won t work now namo that too in uae soil !!!!
perfect
spectators brave 40 degrees heat outside dubai modi modi in dubai
?? then why would you have defense minister run to to deal immediately upon being elected ?
when did this happen?
very interesting comments on terrorism and taliban by modi in uae. very interesting. you are with us or terrorism modi.
fdi flow has gone up by 46 per cent in last 14 months pm modi modi in dubai
watch live pm modi is addressing indians in dubai
modi knows when, where and what to say.....perfect selection of words to steal the show. salute modi in dubai
is it only me who feel an overdose of modi speeches. same content. diff packaging..much better than upa though without doubt !
modi threatening pakistan from the grounds of uae. pakistani paying price of iran leaning policy, nawaz regime failure.
live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi prime minister narendra modi took to stage at t...
never seen modi talk so strongly about terrorism. very impressed by that. for me, it is one of his strongest, non pr speeches in a while
today fastest growing country is india said by modi
it seems has the historic arab relations. direct attack on pakistan from sheikhs land.
marhaba namo marhaba modi
modi ji getting aggressive today..
india certainly looks beyond the incompetent congress govt! hope modi ji delivers on all his promises! modi in uae
modi ji saheb we say jai jawan jai kisan one is forced to suicide and other is on hungerstrike.jai modi bolenge.lets see what happens
but why didn t any visit even when so many lived there.
though you are modi haters,congis, aaptards definitely u are watching modi in uae carefully than bhakts bcoz u need something to tweet...
modi is nothing for modi and every credits to 125 crores indian amp for 125 crores indian modi is highly important
pakistani people when namo said napak irade consider your self
modi ji says india has change...last one year...is it really??
sahasrabuddhe ji address at the launch of panch kranti abhiyan organised by panch kranti
prepping for namo visit to now uae is done? mt indian community celebrates day
proud to be modi ji...
modi will stop terror by speaking from the stage it seems. however, ceasefire violation and terror attacks continue unabated in india
no shaikh permitted a temple for namo it was already planned during upa govt in 2013.
can never forget the love and welcome that i got from crown prince. the love is not directed to a person but to the 125 cr in
sir! please pay your speech writer well.
world should get united to fight terrorism , we should be with humanity not with terrorism appeal world
modi ethan hunt of bjp the new impossible mission force for doing the impossible, hindu land in uae
modi magic in dubai..the people are clapping on each word with enchantment during the speech,
modi in dubai is talking about taliban, terrorism in uae? did anyone ever dare to talk about it in the neighbourhood of s.arabia?
modi ji is openly talking against terrorism even in a muslim country, he can t talk so openly in india, liberals wil
when permanent members are opposing what will happen with uae modi ji
all said and done... narendra modi reminds you why its good to be an indian. modi in dubai
this reminded me of that laalipap lipstick bhojpuri song
the way the world is seeing india has changed. and the reason is the 125 crore people of india pm modi in dubai
we started . we are asking the world to come and make in india ...there are many opportunities pm modi
modi just went to pakis 2nd home amp shat there.
i think it is a very huge figure indeed...!
namo, our dear namo ..
u r doing wonders in international field.!!
why is modi campaigning against the bjp? skeptical
i am eagerly waiting for modi haters to call this pic from dubai as photo shopped or as paid crowd
it is a shame that congis are unable to see this phenomenon called namo
modi is the first non cricketer who play such a big hit among public pact stadium. modi in dubai
we shall not tolerate terrorism anymore. we shall join hands and fight terrorism. put an end to modi ji
india today live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi
pakistan totally stripped...modi rocked,pakistan shocked....
terrorism top in modi s agenda , speech revolving around it .
pm modi global community should reject states supporting terrorism smart way of telling uae to let go of pak love
also, modi doing bhangra pose
see yourself being getting fool, provided he turns his jumlas into reality. modi in dubai
temple in islamic country uae...mr. modi you truely have 56 inch chest.....we proud of you...keep going...
mr. modi u r viditing countries only to get some publicity. this kind of visits by the pm of a great nation like india is disgracing.
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister narendra modi on ...
today is world modi modi jai jai car. today us lift the head is live. congress then put 60 of ruining the country. out of contary congrees
modi speaking on terrorism in gulf country.. at display modi in dubai
sir now this is the level veterans have stooped to now. how can we respect such thing
while standing on muslim dominated country only has gutts to talk abt terrorism amp taliban. modi in dubai
good taliban, bad taliban. good terrorism, bad terrorism. this won t work.evryone will have to decide if they with terror or humanity modi
. dear , these jibes at namo don t mean anything! social media sets the agenda for msm news these days
after clean india, digital india, skill india,pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion
you cannot hear modi and
not get inspired.. this is
the leader that young
india needs.. modi modi
modi compelling mulims to wave indian flag. yet no voice of protest from . bacardi rum
no good terrorism no bad terrorism modi ji
modi no good taliban and bad taliban.indication to both us and pak as well as our ndtv?
modi speech in powered by tyre
what does this cartoon mean is he saying to pakistan?
namo app
modi in dubai with namo, india arrives on the world scene, a luminous, radiant, positive nation out to reclaim its ancient gl
modi ji has gone lunatic
powerful speech..... listening to narendra modi
modi just cornered pakistan on good terror bad terror.
good taliban, bad taliban. good terrorism, bad terrorism. this won t work.evryone will have to decide if they with terror o
naga peace one of the greatest achievement of namo modi in dubai marhaba namo
media mafia gets rattled after every modi wave,wherever it may be.
modi is the real twitter celeb
all those slys
after bihar. kerala will be a good election to watch out for.
never seen modi talk so strongly against terrorism. very impressed by that. for me, it is one of his strongest, non pr speeches in a while
this is d 25th country that modi visiting..what happened so far?.
best part of modi in dubai blasting pakistan for terrorism amp cross border ceasefire violations. also dawood must be turning in his bed.
modi said india is victim of terrorism. those who oppose terrorism isone side andterror fits and countries othsrside.only humanitarians win
i pity sickulars who are forced to watch indian diasporas modi reception in places like dubai, nuyork and sydney
namo 1.uae and india will fight together for terrorism 2.uae will invest 4.5 lac crore in india 3.india development credit to 1.25cr indians
modi kicking pakistan s ass in their so called home ground.
love to see first time ppl are enjoying their leader s speech not only in india but outside india also....kings speech by modi modi in dubai
modi in uae listening to modi speak is like binge drinking.the only inevitability that follows his fake euphoria is a misera
is rocking the event. he s confident amp loud, definitely something he s good at. but pls sir, not ground, it s crown prince tongue
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai video
what a nice feeling to listen crowd chanting modi modi modi modi in modiin dubai na mo rocks in dubai
live watch pm modi in uae we ask the world to come and make in india pm modi
real laughter show
salesman and marketeer of the year award goes to...... narendra modi oh
it takes a tall leader of modi s stature to publicly denounce terrorism,on the soil of an islamic nation
so much material available tonight. thank you modi ji night sorted
pls do continue to abuse modi. the more u guys paint him a villain, bigger a hero modi becomes for india.
pappu the 50k indians in uae with modi, wil u still call them bhakts, fake gandhi lickers wil?
that s the reason, we selected modi ji as pmoi naa!
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a two day visit to...
narendra modi children s hospital los angeles specialists offer back to school tips to parents on keeping kids...
narendra modi low back pain prevention requires bracing the spine hamstrings are often tight in people with l...
only for you modi ji..i made an account in tweeter in the hope you can see my messages.. narendra bhai i am u r die hurt fan..
absolutely superb, inspiring speech by pm mr modi in dubai... fantastic oratory and excellent points made ,feel so proud of our pm
not even an american president wud hav d guts 2 talk about terrorism in such plain language in d middleeast as modi is doin now modi in dubai
personal attacks, abuses, illogical comments define modi bhakts. but who cares, let the dog s bark
modi is just a human version of punjab kesari. full of lies.
who created terrorism? who failed 2 act against mafias? politicians which party better keep quite all
dawood must be peeing tonight watching namo s speech
modi will lick arab shit for money
watching cnn ibn modi s live speech. this narendra modi we can re arrange to read as
rare diamond. namo india
good taliban,bad taliban, good terrorism,bad terrorism has no place in this world. with humanity or no humanity modi strips pakistan naked
india is a lucky country to have 65 population below 35 years modi in dub
so funny watching 50,000 sheep
clapping after each sentence modi
says. hilarious.
north east india used to be a victim of terror for long, before independence, and this slowly spread to rest of india modi
good taliban, bad taliban,good terror, bad terror this wont work. decision has to be taken are you with terrorism or with humanity pm modi
he does terrorism talks in public with no fear that too in uae...what audacity man modi in uae
dubai cricket stadium hosting modi. wink
can t decide which is more ridiculous ranveer singh s antics at film award shows or modi s speeches abroad. modi in dubai
after clean india, skill india, make in india, pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion
modi uae has agreed to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india
congress die...isase jyada ka to hum scam karte the..
how much will they tk it back amp in how much time? any idea? any 1 knows ? or many waiting 4 their share? just asking
u keep on writing on paper that is not worth the page its printed oops i forgot,modi is going 2b pm right...
modi trolling pakistan again and that too in uae...
be proud to have modi as our pm!! jai hooo modi in dubai
scamgress crying modi said this amp that he did this amp that only cos you scamgress said or did nothing
only a leader of modi s stature can talk about terrorism in an islamic country.
aa ptards reaction after listening modi s speech smiley . modi in dubai
modi for that matter is the first leader after long without bothering to do so..no?
last time when uae cheered so much for any indian, it was tendulkar playing at sharjah
. , modi s tamasha on allah s earth will be more appropriate..
modi critics, you still think this is all marketing shizz. ha ha. lage raho
i wonder why mr modi is holding a political procession in uae?
for all those who were craving for modis views on terrorism. today is the day.
good days to india has come with modi ji becoming pm..but how these days are utilised is the big deal.
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 m odi. modi
i too said the same in a different manner
congratulations miss nagaland modi ji specially mentions north east in dubai.
love to see first time ppl are enjoying their leader s speech not only in india but outside india also....kings speech
na mo should wear jersey for tonight to please he will invest double.
we are victims of terrorism for 40 years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi modi in dubai
modi cursing and pointing finger toward pakistan in dubai shame on us we always devided but india respect leaders siraj is the future
this looks like bhashan ground preparation for bihar elections...wont be surprised if there is election rally by pm modi tomorrow ..smiley
india has been a victim of terrorism for 40 years pm modi modi in dubai
hats off pm modi. thanx to his highness crown prince of dubai fr proving its friendly relations and promoting harmony with india
...whoever asked why namo didn t speak about terrorism on i day, its a tight slap today. this man has guts.
congress attacks pm narendra modi on his legacy remarks in uae the economic times
live watch addressing the indian community in
such a rockstar yarr...
dubai hila diya re..!! watching narendra modi
live 4rm dubai stadium impressive speech 50kpeople,this is difference betw other party leader amp namo.
missing my indian colleagues in dubai who were staunch anti modi. would love to challenge them today
but, is the pm not uttering absolute lie on uae backing unsc seat.
are their any provisions in our constitution to pay extra to a multi skilled pm? smiley
why does media play 2nd fiddle to modi bjp amp try fooling viewers back home?
live tv watch prime minister narendra
modi s speech at dubai cricket stadium
it s you who have to decide whether you are with terrorism or with the mankind modi modi in dubai
pm modi urges uae to invest in india 1to1onlynews
from the past!!
hamid gul warning to nerandar modi amp making fun of him..
such brave person!
ahmad mahmood
i think this confirms attachment of dawood s assets.
nagaland had been suffering from insurgency. today, after 60 70 years, we held peace talks with those who engaged in terrorism modi
terror has no boundaries. good terrorism or bad terrorism...this won t work pm modi in dubai
under modi sir leadership i see india growing with rapid speed but still lot work need to be done at lower level work hind
video pm modi urges uae to invest in india 1to1onlynews pm modi urges uae to invest in india 1to1only...
gandhi s r tut rutting....what is modi speaking..ye to manmohan ki speech ki copy hai
is rocking the event. he s confident amp loud, definitely something he s good at. but pls sir, not ground, it
modi is such a talented speaker. always a treat to listen to.
pm modi urges uae to invest in india 1to1only news pm modi urges uae to invest in india prime minister narendra...
cricket team has 11 players to attract public but now here s only 1 modi in dubai cricket stadium namo in dubai modi in dubai modi in uae
listen to address by prime minister shri narendra modi at isro by all india radio air on sound cloud
grt to see stadium packed
that s another achievement of govt
well u did hang modi everyday on u newspapers and tv channels for last 10 yers.now get ready to feel the h
modi in dubai.this modi rockshow will make him a hero amongst kerala nri s in dubai.bad luck for commies and congress..
what bhakt will say now?modi must be feeling the same way while in the mosque salman khan acted in bajrangi...
namo fire fire fire fire fire
world ka subsay bada madari h pm modi now u can watch in dubai drama maker
for all those who think modi is hated by some sections of society modi in dubai
tweet of the day..!!!!
a gift of temple is a wonderful gesture from prince of uae .
a new height of diplomacy has given a tight slap to modi haters
happy that last month we spoke to these groups and asked to join the mainstream narendra modi
only this guy can pull off this! modi in uae
modi in dubai dubai cricket stadium hosting modi. wink
all in modi government
what modi did in godhra
nagaland had been suffering from insurgency. today, after 60 70 years, we held peace talks with those who engaged in terrori
we can feel india in uae that s called modi effect..
more ass burn for sonia gandhi ! modi mentions recent nagaland agreement ! modi in uae
tehalka can not do anything than speak against modi. u can not see positivity in such ppl..they r deshdrohi.
dubai chants and kejri baba has it s fake award. now aapturds how feeling?...
gotta say for modi to stand in dubai and talk against pakistan the way he s doing, takes balls of steel.
feeling proud to be an .....
what!!!
live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi
live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi prime minister narendra modi took to stag...
taking on terrorism from gulf shows s leadership quality amp getting it mentioned in joint statement his diplomatic.
has modi paid u or do u just want to be the teacher s pet here?
eat words? oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm right...no need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.
namo all the way and on all the channels. prime time slot highjacked by namo. key strategic slot
good thinking, odi modi, nice!
it s sheer pleasure to listen to the pm of the nation.
show sachin s century vs australia then only i will watch modi speech. narendra modi modi in dubai
so india changed in one year ...with narendra modi s speeches..modi modi!
narendra modi s uae visit pm to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium today google alerts
credit we the people of india
after clean india,digital india,make in india,pm now wants accessible india.this is true inclusion
modi emerging as a world leader in the fight against terrorism. modi in dubai
modi rocks pseudo secular shocks
good taliban, bad taliban. good terrorism, bad terrorism. this won t work anymore pm modi
huge traffic in dubai in view of modi meeting
looking more like is becoming an ideal case of
potential vs performance
commitment vs delivery
pm modi no matter how big the issue is, only peaceful talks can find a solution
aah modi is talking about the nagaland accord in dubai!
the desert silence is also shouting today modi modi modi.... modi in uae
wonder if anyone placed bets on modi s dubai speech it is after all at a cricket stadium wink
that s turning out to be another modi s special modi in dubai
pm modi when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with 125 cr indians modi in du
pm modi talks about naga peace accord. talks successful. after 70 years, it has happened. baatchit se hi raasta nikalta hai
namo namo all over ... modi rocks but can t change the situation of punjab ....
modi bans all overseas honeymoon trips.
coz he says we should only make in india
modi in dubai rocks .... thank u sir.... arab vijay ko prapt karane ke liye ..... jai hind .... peaceful win....win
no matter how grave a problem is, the solution is always through dialogue narendra modi
impressive minute to minute reporting by of modi in dubai
you will never get to see this in indian media.
thank god, at least pakistan is recognizing narendra modis good...
modi ji as you visited mosque in dubai and i request you pl once visi ramlala at aaodhya it will boost the confidence.
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi on a two day visit to the
so is dawood being welcomed by you ..
for the next month,no mention of modi if it comes on my tl,i will ignore it.
is the challenge now,not modi or anti modi agenda.
live on modi speech in dubai
pm modi thanks uae for supporting india s candidature for permanent membership of un security council modi in dubai
didnt uae hire gen. pasha as an advisor?
modi in dubai 5 quotes from pms speech
..true .. and i do not remember modi addressing president of india as his excellency.
modi makes me believe again. this is my country s pm modi in dubai
pm to up uae
pm modi thanks uae for supporting india s candidature for permanent membership of un security council via
ndtv also showing modi speech
dubai happens to be pakistan home ground as if modi cares. bwaaaaaaah! modi in dubai
pak salutes hamid gul he always sided by the two nation theory, thanks to modi for proving it to be the right choice
after 60 70 years, we held peace talks with those who engaged in terrorism in nagaland pm modi
terrorism ... good terrorism , bad terrorism ... good taliban bad taliban ..... in gulf ... modi rooooocccks
modi in uae 10 key takeaways from modi s uae visit via
there is no good taliban, bad taliban or good terrorism, bad terrorism pm modi modi in dubai
trust on modi to hit a homerun everytine he sets foot on foreign soil modi in dubai
hahahaha gt oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm right...no need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter.
modi speaking about nagaland in dubai. what a man marhaba modi modi in dubai
rt namopower missionbjp2019 fdi in india will grow by 48 in one year narendra modi ji modi in dubai
modi in dubai 5 quotes from pms speech prime minister narendra modi is addressing a indian diaspora at the crick
modi is the best pm of india i fell proud on our pm
love u modi
watching amp listening pm modi speech at dubai smiley
all i say .. am at my home but feeling like am top of world y ...
time pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast in bangkok economic times new delhi prime minister
pm modi currently in this form modi in dubai
this is called namo effect pressitutes may have to look for science dictionary for the meaning
na mo there are 700 flights between india amp dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here. modi in uae modi in du
sheikh we have too much oil.
modi we consume too much oil. kuch din toh khaao humare gujarat me.
absolutely right amit ji. this is a very strong statement by namo. we r so proud of him.
pm modi has made india proud again......this time in uae...keep it up modi ji desh aapke sath h.......
kuch logon ko to bus burai hi krni h
nope...advani is no where compared to modi.
someone plz stop modi molestation is big crime in uae laughing modi in dubai
tht roar frm crowd means immense trus
the way the world is seeing india has changed. and what is the reason the reason is the 125 crore people of india pm modi
don t know as prime minister but as a orator modi is too good!
you are either with terrorism or against terrorism namo just paraphrased george bush..... modi in dubai
na mo rocks in dubai luk at d people outside listening to my pm
imagine... if pappu has to deliver such a speech, how many cheat sheets he will have to carry? pappu so duffer modi in dubai modi magic
well modi is repeating wat was already said by others. copy paste at its best.
prepping for namo visit to now uae is done? mt indian community celebrates day htt
really ! did ppl predicted this ? similar to the vow that if ever became pm one will leave india.
modi seems to be blank amp has nothing worth to say about india or roadmap for it s future. such a speech even a street urchin can deliver.
tmrw namo has to go saharsa bihar for political rally
good terrorism bad terrorism..only modi dares to say open in dubai! modi in dubai
puppy modi roaring in uae. he has warned the world about terrorism as if he was not borned when the gujarat riots happened. modi in dubai
namo etongueecting more pressure from uae on pakistan and dawood
oops modi is going to us as pm and mr. obama is waiting with red carpet. chullu bhar paani laun? smiley
it takes a tall leader of modi s stature to publicly denounce terrorism,on the soil o
because earlier indian pm s were not tourists like you are.
modi batting like sachin modi in dubai
fdi flow has gone up by 46 per cent in last 14 months pm modi modi in uae
dear news channel walo there are some more important news than modi s speech to show.
i want to talk about nagaland...whatever the situation may be,the solution to everything is through dialogue pm modi
modi doval duo is doing unetongueected things so simply ... dawood property could be siezed ... huge huge huge
na mo in dubai extempore speech by modi ji. cornering pak in his speech...
the nation former pms avoided is greeting modi as none other did amp filling the 34 yrs void,be envious congi and aadarsh liberals modi in dubai
modi s with us or against us moment
modi in dubai what a champion!!!!!! modi makes us so proud!!!!!
modi ministry i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights
modi wearing
dubai stadium of modi speech all indian people is like and proudly feels.
consecutive 4s and 6s from narendra modi at dubai cricket stadium.
what a strike rate
pm modi urges uae to invest in india pm modi urges uae to invest in india
prime minister narendra modi has urged b
brilliant speech by modi! the right amount of anger against terrorism, the right amount of pride towards india. tooooo good! modi in dubai
after clean india, digital india, make in india, pm now wants accessible india.this is true inclusion
after 34 years of draught of visit to uae of indian prime minister finally ended up with narendra modi s. namo in dubai
modi ministry pm modi s dubai speech key highlights
quality of a leader. lion roars!
dear apply burnol .. u will b ok soon modi in dubai modi in uae
modi just said few words in malayalam ! modi in dubai
oops i forgot, modi is going to be pm right...no need to abuse. keep voting for him on twitter. hmmm
a thundering namo making pak isi generals piss in their pants modi in dubai
modi wave is everywhere except in the minds of inc amp aap leaders.they must be squirming in their seats seeing modi in dubai
lolz! dear pakistan, u are being slapped very hard every two minutes by pm modi modi in dubai
dubai gets ready for mega modi moment the indian etongueress
pm modi peaceful dialogue is the only solution, even for the biggest of issues
modi s dubai speech is far far better than i day speech! this core content was missing from his last speech! modi in dubai
like him . hate him. one has to concede that he is proud indian . and namo feeds on the pride. it is infectious and dubai rally is proof.
mentioned by namo as example of conflict resolution namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
those who use bombs and guns will never benefit you or others or humanity narendra modi
modi modi...shows the new confidance of country..
today democracy is under threat in india . the attack by govt orders on retired defence personal has made me cr
congress ruled india from office by reading reports.modi has grown up by seeing all this.he will surely change this reality.
the brand modi
pm modi talks about naga peace accord. talks successful. after 70 years, it has happened. baatchit se hi raasta nikalta h
modi hitting all over the park..
toasty for modi s speech writer post
live
lost interest in modi s speech so soon? tongue tongue
it is madison moment for amp modi moment for amp .............madmoment for rioters in congress.. in dubai
apparently cong s demand that modi should immediately implement orop is justified. cong claims that they have...
good modi ji i slut u
only
dear brothers, dont fund terrorism. this is what modi ji is saying right? modi in dubai
good taliban, bad taliban good terrorism, bad terrorism , pm modi is ripping apart pakistan for its terrorism in his speech. modi in dubai
marhaba n
wish there will be a day where us,uk ppl come and study in india.i hope namo does it
thank god, modi discovered india and told the world, we were unknown till mid 2014
i am a fan of atal g but doesnt have that stature not yet modi in dubai
by d way is it said by mr modi that land is allotted today he is just thanking. plz clear my doubt
the stadium in dubai which doesn t
get full when whole pakistan
cricket team plays here as
host amp alone made that
stadium housefull.
jai hind sir, apologize for late reply busy with pm modi sahab to welcome him
hey dawood ibrahim, what if you rule in dubai, you can t stand in a stadium like modi and face such a huge crowd even in dubai. modi in dubai
hey there neha, wassup?, watching namo s speech?
nagaland had been suffering from insurgency pm modi in dubai
great modi ji..
impressive words being spoken by modi. courage and honesty reflected in every line.
17 8 modi motivating 1.3 billion indian globally from the shores of dubai before 40000strong indian. rejuvenating the belief of india 1st.
congress huh..isase jyada ka to hum scam karte the...
as far as i know, modi has never really condemned terrorism and state sponsorship of terrorism so strongly before this. modi in dubai
good taliban, bad taliban,good terror, bad terror this wont work. decision has to be taken are you with terrorism or with
trending after . that s the command has
this talks statement of modi is something congress will hold on to and run riot.
i d pay a lot to see modi binge drinking rather than indulge in verbal diarrhoea amp say nothing meaningful modi in dubai
s power and s potential can make the dream of an century a reality.
. remittances from the uae total over 11 billion rs 71,500 crore annually
diaspora around the world looked forward to the once a yr pravasi bhartiya divas but here we have a pm engaging them directly
what an innocence modi ji. 3000 muslims were killed by you in gujrat innocently.killings kashmiris innocently?
is the challenge now,not modi or anti mo
awesome modi. modi in dubai
na mo will never wear headgear to fool ppl.
why is modi talking about nagaland in uae? modi in dubai
given modi s visit to a mosque and his bonhomie with leaders from uae, waiting for sakshi maharaj to send modi to pakistan
after 60 70 years, we held peace talks with those who engaged in terrorism pm modi in dubai
live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi top india
modi s last two speeches 15th aug and dubai s. not quite his hallmark speeches. has modi lost his mojo? modi in dubai
when did we hear this?
oh on the previous foreign trip amp oh in the one before that amp before that .... modi in dubai
don t forget, modi govt in center amp state who needs accountability. its a netizen s demand now
uae has supported india s candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi modi in uae via ani
pm modi currently in this form parivartan in bihar
time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi.
modi ji rocks. . namo in dubai. he is the only saviour of india. do give him 2 decades to rule at least.
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says modi.
great comment dear, mr modi is the last hope
never seen a politician as ferocious as in his speeches modi in dubai
jst a thought...will namo b able to at least partially isolate pak by forging stronger, more meaningful ties with uae, us, etc?
wat it a joke? should we laught?? hahahaha! now happy. ur poor modi is just barking against .
narendra modi wants to win this match
modi sir talking about nagaland shows how concern he is and surprising. thank you.
a group of major america west church funded which worked hard to stop modi ji in jan 2014 ht
well that s already proven ..now its just watching the show time
when someone shakes my hand, they don t see me, they see 1.28 billion people.
great leader., and great speech..
live watch pm modi in uae you are either with terrorism or with humanity pm modi
a decision has to be taken are you with terrorism or with humanity modi in dubai
modi kept ne states in the dark about details of nscn peace agreement. and he is speaking about it in dubai
are u listening our pm namo ? country who supports terrorism shuldn t get any international help.
there must be some serious back channel agreements...coz modi ji is on fire on pak
when modi speaks, the world listens. modi in dubai
modi modi in dubai narendra modi what a speech
sonia is thinking about past bar dancing as her career
what else is etongueected from him, modi doesn t that best when given a chance
chilling with the dynasty.
pic2 modi s six in 2015 na mo rocks in dubai
sir you are aweesssommmmmmmeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium...well played, sir..
good taliban, bad taliban good terrorism, bad terrorism , pm modi is ripping apart pakistan for its terrorism in his speec
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modis visit
. in abu dhabi, the prime minister s visit to the sheikh zayed grand mosque was a political coup
message to pakistan? india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modis visit elevating their ties to...
haters be like amp amp modi .. but won t miss an opportunity to watch him on tv
this modi wave sweep everyone! the ambassador of 125 crore indians at its best! modi in uae
hey aaditi, wassup?, watching namo s speech?, how have you been?
no, it just takes good security at the venue. the sheikhs know where the money is.
no news channel can ignore modi speech whether it s in india or uae.
modi sir, we are waiting for black money to arrive in our country...tell us ...should we hope so?plz sir
watching our pm s modi s speech at dubai. 50,000 indians turn up.
namo is saying all the things in uae that are forbidden to say in india laughing
now its make in india..next there must be study in india
time demands, all terrorists shud shun violence and join mainstream, says prime minister modi while adressing indians in uae
well, is playing it live... saw muslims in crowd cheering modi modi... sickulars are contemplating suic
after hearing modi ji live from abudhabi, feeling proud to b modi jis supporter
har har modi in dubai.. don t watch it on .. ur tv might blast modi in dubai
no such thing as good taliban, bad taliban . this won t work now narendra modi such a statement in uae soil!! epic
time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi. india tv
modi visit to uae congress chief ministers are more happy with modi govt, cos they get big ticket development projects now only..not from upa
lo modi ka ek aur world tour he is one of lucky prime minister in the world who always busy in his world tours
that awkward moment when namo will get oscar before leo! modi in dubai
modi haters
just give a look
whatever the situation may be, the solution to everything is through dialogue pm modi in dubai
shri ram madhav ji address at the launch of panch kranti abhiyan organised by
modi ji said there is no corruption charges on him in 15 months,yes by transferring,suspending cvcs,weakning i amp ant
after dubai modi plans to visit israel and vatican city... modi in dubai
safe to say modi has horrible taste.
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium. well played, sir. modi in dubai
modi took people from india to fill stadium.. dont believe this crowd!! your faithfully pappu,diggy,sanjay jha.. etc.....
dr gargash uae provided space to india to spit venom against pakistan from dubai stadium.unprecedented in diplomacy
pm modi now talks about india bangladesh land boundary agreement. sabne milkar bida uthaya.
i think u have twisted eyes, when u see modi.
congress should send there spokespersons 2 dubai amp etongueose modi amp tel d world wat al happnd in 2002 in gujarat modi in dubai
can pm modi push his make in india in uae? via
yes! end terrorism says modi
after modi becoming pm.of india .he visited 26 countries. uae is 27 th country. modi move on world diplomacy.jai modi
another epic speech by our pm modi. modi in dubai
date 17 08 2015
venue dubai cricket stadium
man of the match narendra modi
and 35 others retired out.
its a fact everyone wants modi as pm at center modi in dubai that s why incompetent state bjp may lose still am i wrong
so used to narendra modi speeches in hindi now. want to hear him in gujarati like earlier days
whatever the situation may be, the solution to everything is through dialogue pm modi in dubai htt
an indirect warning to pakis let dm undrstnd dis
modi wants to sell this oil to adani .
yeah baby i just saw
every modi wave has an equal and opposite anti modi wave !!! modi wave modi in dubai smiley
modi in dubai. mentions nagaland and the recent agreement with nscn im saying that for the longest insurgency, dialogue was the way forward
modi in uae live indians in dubai epitome of hard work, says pm
shame on u mr modi to utter such nonsense
now nris from andhra and telengana angry over modi not talking in telugu when he visited us
many say modi boasts of his achievement, well, you can boast only when you have achieved something, modi in dubai
it was an amazing moment smiley
only can do this modi magic in and around the world with his vision and commitment..!!! modi in dubai modi in uae marhaba namo
missed opportunity to shout chhappan inch ki chhaati
at least the tom says modi is the greatest,maybe in any field but can he say similarly for any of his top leader papu or maam
and modiji successfully uses this hate by labelling minorities as terrorists.
modi was served gujarati food during uae visit. it seems middle east has taken make in india more seriously than we have.
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said india is p...
modi ministers spend over 25 cr on hotel stay in 1 year wich is much more than wat upa spent in 10 years...
so modi went to uae to build a temple ?
thanks for follow .india the best with modi ji.
modi s wave in uae... uae promised to invest 4.5 lakh crores in india... modi is a master who knows how to engage the crowd.
an indirect warning to pakis let dm undrstnd dis s
and thebiggest lie award of 2015 goes to mr. modi. dr. m. singh visit gulf con. in 2008 amp 2010
modi cites nagaland agreement as an example to get people taking to terror to come and talk. message to all insurgents in india
it will not work this time. only media channels are clapping here. the man on the street here is much wiser now.
isolate the country supporting and nursing terrorism pm modi
splattered coffee he means, contact my media team for precise definition of terror.
what a speech! what a crowed!! namo namo!!!!
anyone needs anything from dubai?
a friend modi is coming from there..
union ministers visit evry fortnight..huge projects announced almsot daily..roads built bt den blame modi 4 past smiley
modi in dubai pm modi live at dubai cricket stadium watch here gt
the nation former pms avoided is greeting modi as none other did amp filling the 34 yrs void,be envious congi and
blooper by modi for his detractors. sheikh hasina is the pm, not president of bangladesh. now everyone will have their knives out.
whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u or u r paid to hate. modi in dubai
proud india eve of indian election sees the economist opposing modi women s encyclopedia site s art refutes
india salivating over modi s uae visit in general and the joint statement in particular...
strong statements modi in uae namo in dubai
in 98 brought storm in desert in sharjah. today n modi is also dealing in only fours amp sixes in dubai cricket stadium.
i had promised bangladesh premier sheikh hasina to have faith in me narendra modi
cannot stand 5 min of modi s speech. too much of theatrics. statesmanship is what is etongueected out of a pm not third rate drama artiste
live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it modi
11 about our that every should know modi in uae modi in dubai
by appeasing 14of minorities politicians choked a powerful nationalist voice agnst terorsm directed at india by pak
hopefuly now sickular like u wont hate muslims after seeing ur, once banned modi by us, in ?
modi ji what s the reason for change in world perception of india?
crowd modi..... modi.... modi..
what a moment!!!
good news...tough on terror speech by pm modi
bad news... tough on terror speech by pm modi
sorry and saddened to say that modi looks like some kind of baba going over the globe trying to convince people he s the ultimate force.
modi trolling bangladesh. taking revenge of no ball. modi in dubai
more importantly, why modi didn t find time to visit or communicate to andhra ppl in 15 months discounting hudhud visit ?
i satisfied with the pm narendra modi govt.his speach on independence day was excellent.
year 2025
kid mom, sing me a lullaby.
mother plays modi uncle s speech
the kid wakes up after 5 years
how ridiculous! what is modi trying to say? that till 1 year ago, india had no respect in the world? modi in dubai
another one who has covered more countries than modi
pm when world leaders shake hands with modi, they can see that they are shaking hands with 125 cr indians.
modi wearing lyra leggings
i guess that like ls elections amp modiyapa at madison, this time too modi s gala event is being broadcasted by bjp s tv crew only!!!
, read modi s lips! modi in dubai modi in uae
list of u turn taken by modi government till date
many innocent died in 2002 but i will never say sorry coz i m modi
puppy modi is roaring in uae. he has warned the world about terrorism as if he was not born when the gujarat riots happened. modi in dubai
time for a decisive fight against terrorism has come pm modi modi in dubai
grovelling before the sheikhs. modi has no self respect.
do u need sycophants slaves bhakts or ppl who can question govt amp modi decides 2 remain away from parliament
. indians in uae are mostly unskilled workers though around a fifth of the total hold high level jobs
trust modi even in nh case, is it?
war veterans on hunger strike, modi eating biryani it is ve
live watch pm modi in uae solution for any situation is through dialogue pm modi on naga pact
modi power....
today i feel proud after listening the speech of modi
s desperation would make winston churcill and laugh in there modi in dubai
after modi,s uae visit amp his speech, is there any comparison between him amp rahul, sonia type people
more than ndtv we should ask this to manishanker aiyer and who called modi a regiona
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai
those who use bombs and guns will never benefit you or others or humanity narendra modi ji modi in dubai
ndtv i want to talk about nagaland...whatever the situation may be,the solution to every
indian prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the uae.
here is air india 1 coming in from abu dhabi...
houseful madison moment id dubai..modi always rocks
the best performance by an indian so far in dubai cricket stadium.
mr. modi is quite a master of representing india across the globe with his much valued statements.thank u sir. modi in dubai
modi in dubai modi ji has scored century with all 4 s and 6 s.. feeling proud!!!!
stirring speech...
the modi of old... uses a global platform to raise the issue of .
happy to see people all over the world recognize their goodness in mind....happy to see namo nano in dubai
modi rocking it, without a guitar! modi in dubai modi in uae
pm narendra modi at dubai a talk with indians
we have finally resolved the indo bangladesh border issue on august 1 narendra modi
prime minister modi visit to uae, develops relation between the two countries
so modi is against good taliban , secularism at stake . tweet like indian .
what a sham is us democracy that refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo shaker aamer, the last briti...
sorry and saddened to say that modi looks like some kind of baba going over the globe trying to convince people he s the
modi s popularity has gone up at least 100 times in last 48 hours. he is a magician.
still there is no mention of nehru, indira and rajiv gandhi. congress must file a case against modi. modi in dubai
10 key takeaways from modi s uae visit via
it facts gh
just heard from friends in dubai that large number of pakistanis in d crowd amp cheering modi whole heartedly na mo rocks in dubai namo in dubai
as modi speaks, pappu is not able to be even satisfied by half dozen bitches in his bedroom sources
pak already isolated from gulf sunni muslim countries after they refused to take part in yemen war. modi capitalising on it
it facts ty
modi made it again well speech
only hope of india watching narendra modi
modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but it s too early to celebrate firstpost
3 4th fill hoga phir bhi smiley huge crowd hai smiley modi pr never fails sir smiley bheed toh hai dusre angles sewink hope it materializes toosmiley
sheikh we have too much oil in uae.
modi we have spouse in india.
there is no air conditioner in the hall. still a good response for modi. modi in dubai
modi cites nagaland agreement as an example to get people taking to terror to come and talk. message to all insurgents in ind
modi means ...make in india.
good terrorism, bad terrorism this won t work. everyone must decide whether they re with terrorism or humanism pm modi
modi problems are resolved on table with discussion. sir why didnt you had same approach during our parliament session ? modi in dubai
the way modi is sucking up to the crown prince, he deserves the tag more than any other indian leader modi in
houseful madison moment in dubai..modi always rocks
the poor indian worker who built the stadium that modi is speaking in is probably still slogging his butt off in a corner of dubai
modi ji talking about terrorism in islamic country. waah ! truly aache din. na mo in uae
bohra muslims from gujarat aren t they, the community is represented well in all modi rallies be it madison or dubai
modi visit is very good business but i wish his speeches weren t so sarcastic modi in dubai
north east india used to be a victim of terror for long, before independence, and this slowly spread to rest of india mo
powerful speech by sir narendra modi modi in dubai
has no right to talk about taliban s it is pakistan amp afghanistan s matter not india s.
it is one hour now, pm modi ne abhi laye pakdi hai. bihar ki chunavi rally to nahin hai
make a decision are you with terrorism or with humanity? modi asks the hard questions modi in dubai
many indian batsmen have played on the dubai cricket stadium pitch, but none as spectacularly as narendra modi! namo in dubai
seeing packed schedule of namo baba is asking for another foreign trip this time 57x2 114 days.
what i like whenever modi trends worldwide is adarsh liberals tweets
3 4th fill hoga phir bhi smiley huge crowd hai smiley modi pr never fails sir smiley bheed toh hai dusre angles sewink hope it
genuine koshen why didn t our intellectuals write to islamic countries to reject visa to modi? or do any1 know
land boundary issue with bangladesh was resolved on 1 august pm modi in dubai
modi is the most charismatic leader i have ever seen......otherwise in recent past years indian leaders had lost their hold on global affair
rnis
watch the speech laughing
gay for modi s oratory skills tbh
what cong did to india in 60 years, pm modi returned that in 2 days modi in uae
news alert world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says pm modi.
modi modi chants give me goosebumps ! modi in dubai indian pm
just heard from friends in dubai that large number of pakistanis in d crowd amp cheering modi whole heartedly na mo rocks in d
how r u feeling ? marhaba namo modi in dubai
oops. he was the one who halted it for years. remember bangladesh eam travelling to gandhi nagar for his support? smiley
nobody trolls better than pm modi
modiji when you will punish asiaandrassi she enjoyingterroristactivities openly chalanging modi pdp govt only fukridahaden kabtak?
the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism or perpetrators of terrorism pm modi
haha modi is scared from nagaland too.
magical madison moments created by pm modi in dubai with a full house of 50,000. this is a big step towards a new era of diplomacy.
. before he became pm, politicians warned communal riots would break out. to their disappointment...
modi act circus
fool to entertainment
where is my pop corn
totally agree congress now deprived of humanitarian also modi rocks eagerly waiting for his spore trip in november
she s asking y burnol stocks have ended today, very badly needed today
pm modi s speech at uae true idol
bohris are known to support narendra modi. bohris are the richest gujarati muslim clan in india. they own lots of businesses modi in dubai
watching mr. modi s speech amp comparing it with manmohan s is like watching sachin bat after nayan mongia modi in dubai modi in uae
all my years in gulf, i always believed nris here are not at all communal but modi manages to communalize polarize every place
it took 34 years for an indian pm to come to , says
except pakistan , modi has taken names of all the names of neighbouring countries ! tamacha zor ka ! modi in uae
was disappointed with modi s i day speech but today he settled it in dubai! my leader! modi in dubai
you promised us 15 lakh..tit for tat
time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terror or against it modi
nawaz sharif imran khan pak army i told u guys to be proactive, like what modi did in dubai, image is everything for us
the sikulars need to ask a logical question, why should modi visit the gulf just before bihar elections?
inspired? my foot! that man is fooling us big time with all the glitz amp the glamour amp on concerns that plague us, his mouth is shut! na mo
this 1 modi weighs heavier than 17 odis hosted by dubai cricket stadium. world is looking at that 1modi etongueectantly
surely we are with humanism bt i thnk u should decide frst.?
while india got independence in 1947, these people at the border have enjoyed freedom only now, on august 1 narendra modi
good speech by pm
genuine koshen why didn t our intellectuals write to islamic countries to reject visa to modi? or
namo ach .. thanks sir..
all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to anybody, says modi
todaya khaleej times have nothing good for modi modi in dubai
mean my god modi campaingning against bjp.
live pm modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against ter...
live pm modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against terrorism
mind boggling to see so many cheering smiley
modi in dubai modi ji desh ki shaan
modi can destroy all propaganda of media in one speech. modi in dubai
modi is speaking about bangladesh hope he doesn t claim 1972 victory as his own too! modi in dubai
sorry.
i am not patriotic enough to listen narendra modi s speech.
boost is the secret of my energy. our energy
all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to any
the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism or perpetrators of ter
whether u hate modi or love hm. if such n evnt on foreign soil dsnt make u proud, thrs smthng wrng with u or u r paid to ha
modi in dubai successfully signed peace pact with naga s pm. this depicts modi s conviction.
modi speeches are so powerful that if he adds aakraman at the end, we would have captured half of the world by now.
meanwhile malayalis in uae are wondering what modi is sayi
modi etonguelained abt india s schemes for development in all other countries he visited but in saudi his speech full of terrorism! any guess y?
bhaiya log from bihar r crying their heart out after watching a rocking namo show can t match him ever not in this birth! na mo rocks in dubai
mr. modi tell me which head of the state from middle east visited india in last 35 years...?
n modi is a good actor
dubai, where pakistani premiers go hiding, n modi is doing the biggest ever non sporting public gathering rock show
while india got independence in 1947, these people at the border have enjoyed freedom only now, on august 1 narendra mod
live watch pm modi in uae asking world to come and make in india pm modi via
i sense mr.modi is the best orator available at present modi in dubai
actually what was d purpose of this visit.? signed any diplomatic agreements between india n uae.?
hope modi enjoyed d trip
criticize modi s policy amp even past as much as you want, but making fun of his pronunciation is plain stupid.
agree with mr.modi
modi is saying vary write in dubai
wait for tomorrow s bihar speech of namo
modi is taking a jibe on all his enemies modi in dubai
pic2 modi s six in 2015
peoples love amp respect 4india is above caste amp religion.modi a force multiplier of dat love amp respect. modi in dubai
i want to tell neighbouring countries that it is only through talks and discussions that problems can be solved modi
modi is savage. taking potshots at pakistan at their adopted home ground.
modi has taken dubai by storm literally modi in dubai
if u want to do big person then u must be good relationship with neighbour and other as like modi sir do
congi aapin will say arre they bohris gujarati who support modi
my god. modi campainging against bjp and rss.
modi has recovered indian pride
and you need help. go get it. watch modi speeches on the loop till you achieve puberty
all my years in gulf, i always believed nris here are not at all communal but modi manages to communalize polarize every plac
modi may have lost the oped pages but his popularity among voters remains high 4 out of 5 approve of his job as pm.
modi is talking revenge of asia cup by trolling bangladesh and pakistan modi in dubai
could you please confirm if bjp s tv crew is broadcasting modi s gala event from dubai to tv channels?! thanks!
this decision was unanimously accepted by all political parties in parliament narendra modi
more than 50k people greet mr modi, among whom more than 20k r indian muslims. a clear message to those dividing nation on religious lines.
just hear the speech. it s disgusting to hear that no pm contributed to india s progress but only modi
namo is a powerful speaker.....wave all intact...... modi in dubai
following modis demand for temple kejriwal, rahul gandhi, mulayam etc make their own demands to uae govt. find out
this singh is roar again nd again nd again. love u sir narender singh modi u rocks. feeling excited
namo in dubai,
even fighters against biased laws are there in dubai..
sif can t be ignored.
all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to anybody says modi
m odi ... dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi. modi in dubai
pm modi urges uae to invest in zipped news
modi you can resolve problems with neighbours with talks.
btw modi once said countries will come to give india seat. y now he so cares and run and ask for d seat. hekri gaaiii?
ever etongueected for an indian pm to stand in uae and talk about terrorism with such force?only namo could and namo did. modi in dubai
at every foreign trips of modi these idiots pops up asking question kya aapke adarsh mein liberal hai?
prime minister narendra modi on a 2 day visit to the united arab emirates was received a..
prince we ll allot land for temple
month later
modi can we start construction?
prince construction?
modi temple
prince tha
translation no matter what modi does... india will never be there .
for all pakistani friends following me, pm modi is speaking live. watch here
dubai saffornified !
amp they said no one knows modi outside gujarat
this is 2 hr before modi in dubai speech!
news24online good taliban, bad taliban. good terrorism, bad terrorism won t work anymore modi in dubai live
. modi is acutely aware that every word he utters about religion in india or abroad will be dissected
all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to
more than 50,000 non resident indians listen to pm
narendra modi as he speaks at dubai cricket stadium
after witnessing modi rocks in dubai amidst mammoth crowd, i now realize y my italian maa s so jealous amp spewing venom
pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see mini india in dubai when will usa prez wil come to india and say he sees mini usa ihere?
modi boasting how he got money from poor jan dhan amp middle class gave up gas subsidy
why are his ministers not giving?
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights the times of india zolwa2r pm modi s dubai speech key highlights
only can go to a nation amp talk openly in his speech about amp is cheered by muslims amp others. off
you don t have to love modi, but that doesn t mean that you should ridicule even the good that he s doing for the country. modi in dubai
uae welcomes narendra modi
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin economic times
marhaba na mo cultural show at dubai cricket stadium ahead of narendra modi s arrival modi in dubai abu dhabi
some cockeyed bhakts are delighted amp rejoicing that modi has achieved the first temple in uae for millions of...
in 98 brought desert storm in sharjah. today n modi also dealing in only fours sixes in dubai cricket stadium.
uneducated uncouth modi trying to compare himself with indiraji and nehru god give him some sense dubai blues modi sh
in november modi is in vizag to announce the details of package. tour finalised. ap should not dominate bihar now. politics.
congi aapin will say arre they bohris gujarati who support
namo takes a jibe at pakistan by emphasising the importance of discussion for conflict resolution modi in dubai
now rahul baba will have nightmares.. modi in dubai
sushma ne cong se bola tha except date bill of b esh boundary is of upa. see modi taking credit. hypocrisy.
the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism pm modi modi in dubai
is modi changing his tune? ... coming down harshly on sexual harassme... violenceagainstwomen
pm modi appeals to people to give standing ovation to crown prince as a thanking gesture for allowing temple in abu dhabi.
modi ji.... just now !
modi government to simplify 44 labour laws...
modi govt. to simplify 44 labour laws
apj kalam people s president, narendra
ji people s pm
modi making many relevant points, but if i stay in dubai i want him to address issues concerning us. like he did in madison square.
i guess modi remembers when he called dialogues as loveletters and was adamant to reply pak in their way. mo deen dubai
there it is. the padosi mulk reference.
twitter 2011 meh facebook is for fakers who need pictures to write jokes.
twitter 2015 omg new pics of modi! must write a funny caption!
on the newshour why is congress angry?
congii r jelous of modi popularity nd achivements as cm nd pm
visuals from modi s event. where are those who said if modi becomes pm, aag lag jayegi!
god only knows. or modi.
i d definitely start respecting narendra modi if he works instead of just travelling and talking.
modi sounds more like bush
modi showing utmost respect to the national flag
you don t have to love modi, but that doesn t mean that you should ridicule even the good that he s doing for the country.
when it rains in india, people in dubai open their umbrellas to protect us modi.
today morning, i woke up in the night rg modi in uae
live it took 34 years for an indian pm to come to uae, says modi hindustan times
tarak mehta ka ulta chasma now wil be aired in uae also.
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin dna all the news
congress attacks modi on his legacy remarks in uae
live watch pm modi in uae only through dialogue can we solve issues with our neighbours pm modi
during nepal earthquake, india did not wait a second to offer assistance narendra modi
modi in dubai what a rocking show of in dubai cricket ground..
i saw the live program from dubai stadium. national anthem and the great welcome will feel proud to all indian.thanks modi ji
now this really is amusing! guess they want pak to merge back into india...
brilliant speech by modi! the right amount of anger against terrorism, the right amount of pride towards india. tooooo goo
ppl in our country aren t used to see a working pm..hence when works..they find it different! they motivate raga amp farziwal..
he s going to have the crowd laughing like modi never could. you know it.
at uae, dubai stadium .wow what a fabulous mahol. with our pm
modi rocking in dubai with hos address
this crowd proves that muslims hv no problem with modi, its the congress that want to make it sound like he is their dushman modi in dubai
rofl modirocks in dubai modi in dubai marhaba namo modi in uae
people who say nris like modi more than the indians, dont think they all voted for him in the assembly elections.
modi s strike rate seems more than in ipl 2014 dubai.
comedy with modi
to counter modi visit in uae we request china to send invitation to our pm nawaz sharif for upcoming dog fest
the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism or perpetrators of t
now modi is talking about nepal quake modi in dubai smiley
amp prestitutes gulp this
uae indians earn in dinar ! so it doesn t matter how big churan dear modi gives
sir, aseemanand ka kya karein? speech is good. throw him under the bus or wait for people to forget?
modi in dubai modi is touching the hearts of everyone present there. we love u so much .
just chill wakil shab...and listen modi speech modi in dubai
pls ask their friends to watch it live here
our pm modi loves his countrymen so much, he s making sure he goes around the world meeting every indian settled abroad.
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights top stories timesofindia
nagaland was dealing with insurgency for a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in north eastern region pm modi
indeed.poor nd downtrodden whether in india or abroad never got so much attention nd respect from anyone except modi
respect narendra modi for being the prime minister of india, not for being narendra modi.
proof of modi magic
modi is claiming of settling border issue with bangladesh by giving land of assam. but the same bjp opposed when upa govt signed the treaty
modi..modi..modi.. feeling proud to get u as our pm...
the stadium which doesn t
host amp modi alone made that
inspired? my foot! that man is fooling us big time with all the glitz amp the glamour amp on concerns that plague us, his m
timesn0w yes! many innocents died in 2002 crying
modi modi modi
baahubali baahubali
modi modi
where is fake gandhi
where is fake actor which abuse hindu
.wat all had been left un spoken on 15 august ..it s accomplished now by modi ji in his lecture...
pm modi urges uae to invest inindia
very proud moment for india! mr. modi,ceo of india for next 20 years! modi in dubai
india victim of terror for 40 yrs tolerate too long statement to terrorists good no bad terrorists hind
modi is pitching india to investors single handedly for 29 states, 29 cms, 1.2billion while and kin can do is sit n diss all
video pm modi urges uae to invest inindia pm modi urges uae to invest in india prime minister narendra...
though you are modi haters,congis, aaptards definitely u are watching modi in uae carefully than bhakts bcoz u need somethi
live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says pm modi
. modi doesn t think in terms of muslims or christians... to him they are all indians.
modi talks lot of negatives amp starts with sarcasm self chest thumping denigrating others always self praise won t work
only can go to a nation amp talk openly in his speech about amp is cheered by musl
within a few hours, india did whatever it could to help nepal narendra modi
modi is again offering a peaceful hand to pakistan.. modi in dubai
and pak will deny again.
this might be that last chance pakistan.
endless sea of humanity at namo s stadium show in uae. huge heart burn for modi in dubai modi magic
nuke. sit on their chest as they bleed through their eyes. point at the inferno around them and say hello.
watching mr. modi s speech makes you realize how shitty manmohan singh really was modi in dubai modi in uae
why pm modi s two day trip to uae underlines the story of new delhi s neglect modi in uae
oops. he was the one who halted it for years. remember bangladesh eam travelling to gandhi nagar for his support? smiley s
sickular amp communists with asses is totally burnt. burnol is ineffective.
that was a photoshop pic by bhakts to credit modi
modi fication no tokenism, no appeasement, just social empowerment of minorities. modi in dubai
modi sceptics smiley are an impotant voice too
ever etongueected for an indian pm to stand in uae and talk about terrorism with such force?only namo could and namo did.
we all are pushpa diwalkars and modi casts ta ra ra ra spell on us every time he gives speech.
modi has made the india to proud
world needs to unite and fight against terrorism pm modi modi indubai
live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi prime minister narendra sps
pak army may whip shariff saab to run to dubai cricket stadium to hook the ferocious bouncer that modi has bowled today .
modi s uae trip
temple for hindus
4.5l cr investment commitment
agreement to jointly combat terrorism nd money laundering
pm modi observing silence on ceasefire violations by pakistan ncp via
if modi continues like this, all the burnol will be bought by congress very soon. modi in dubai
no space for gud terrorism...bad terrorism.either with terror or without terror.isolate those who backs terror. namo
modi is terrorist for end ia a terrorist is pm....
modiis terrorist modi in dubai
nw sonia amp rahul r tryng notdwn the points 2 critize modi.bt they feel dfclty to hate his speech, such a roaring amp insprng speech
just heard from friends in dubai that large number of pakistanis in d crowd amp cheering modi whole heartedly na mo rocks in dubai
fervently hoping modi ends speech by shouting with arms spread wide let s riot !
all pakistani tweeps that were arguing for pakistan helping rich arabs bomb poor yemen, hope your watching the namo show in uae
look at pm modi,his bodylanguage,conviction with witch he is speaking 2 indian diaspora at dubai, at last a leader of india world recognises
the poor indian worker who built the stadium that modi is speaking in is probably still slogging his butt off in a corner of d
modi making many relevant points, but if i stay in dubai i want him to address issues concerning us. like he did in madison
didi bollywood is make believe world and namo is the real super rockstar
modi is now proving with increasing intensity and frequency that he does not deserve to be pm of india.
yes. yes. whenever you see a big croud with modi, it is bjp s tv crew. carry on ..
the unbeatable rockstar
a man who can make you fall in love wid mother india again and again
always namo
modi modi watching narendra modi
politicians should learn from narendra modi that how to build international relationships. namo in dubai
twitter 2015 omg new pics of modi! must write a
modi in dubai, people of dubai are lucky to hv modi g on their soil.... hari om
pm modi thanks uae for supporting india s candidature for permanent membership of un security council
long standing land boundary issue with bangladesh, was resolved on 1 august.it was pending since 1947 modi in dubai
mush has not overthrown ik s govt but nss and now nawaz modi is surrounded by mush s cronies. u ppl have no shame!
what a speech of namo in horrorb. good going. 4.5 lakh crores rs investment by uae in india. achhe din ki suruat
after our namo you too rock very happy . stay blessed !
terrorist modi is bashing pakistan in his speech at dubai. where r our foreign policy makers.
whenever modi delivers his speeches i feel sorry for a certain rahul
for those who r saying is silent, should listen his spech in modi in dubai like.
bet u if you doesn t get goosebumps
erectile dysfunction for all so called seculars.
this is etongueected pakistanis never had a prime minister like modi
trolling terror right from their so called safe haven that s namo !!! modiji rocks in uae modi in dubai marhaba namo
we love you modi ji.....
narendra modi is rocking it in dubai. from cm of gujarat to world class leader 2day.
modi ji is makin evry indian proud.
whatever reason have to hate modi, but u can t take your eyes off from the ocean of indians in dubai show now. modi has content.
uae govt. allocating land to build a temple is nothing less than a history...
par phir bhi modi ji to ghumne jate hai ...
great coverage by gulf media of modi s mega show at dubai. statement by statement update of speech amp live feed
modi has a charismatic personality and his oratory skills r excellent which many world leaders don t hv what an
nris in stadium are angry with modi. acc to our sources before leaving for dubai modi promised them to bring rajdeep with him
. congress decades long tokenism towards muslims has kept them in socio economic ghettos
great speech by modi ji.
nepal is our neighbour, and if they are unhappy then we are equally concerned narendra modi
modi modi in dubai narendra modi also modi is citing boundary line agreement.
sahasrabuddhe ji address at the launch of panch kranti abhiyan organised by
we immediately helped nepal in disaster modi
last year, cm kejriwal protested on the street! today the entire modi cabinet was on the street to protest! govts protest
i agree with ghos e t provided crown prince put tilak on his forehead
sorry state of indian media.
am watching to modi monkey act circus in modi in dubai
with my pop
modi is pitching india to investors single handedly for 29 states, 29 cms, 1.2billion while and kin can do is
visibility pm modi scores a point! modi in dubai
sambit patra mycountrymylife sambitswaraj its juz amazing to c namo speaking. n look at the crowd, thr is no hindu or muslim, indians
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights times of india
yeh tu phir haqaiq sy munharif honay ki baat hai.whole world knows the actual face of
raga mumma i m going to give a media byte against the namo speech.
mamaa chup ,jake pogo dekho.
pm modi now talks about nepal quake.
after nepal earthquake, we immediately rushed to help our neighbour pm modi in dubai
gupta ji, if our economy is doing really well as pm modi and even inc s anand sharma claim then why r they not announcing orop
human pile of sh t is great way to describe! globe trotter feku
cc home ministry, defense ministry. more info, in case you re still struggling.
nris in stadium are angry with modi. acc to our sources before leaving for dubai modi promised them to bring rajdeep with
crowd continuously chanting during the namo in dubai event.
if only modi listens to himself rather then ajs amp babus, it can be announced tomorow.
kejriwal is a failed administrator when he was given a chance by nafed to purchase onions at cheap rate he was busy fighting with modi.
slow claps for those who say, modi is only visiting different countries. modi means business. modi in dubai
pm modi says time has come for the people of the world to unite against terrorism modi in dubai
impressed by namo so far. this guy knows how to play to a crowd.
modi innings in one tweet. modi in dubai
466666444666644466666664444666464646464646464646464644666664446666444666666644446664646464646464
uae tweeps and cultural commentators fawning over modi, pretty soon it will be netanyahu. thank god we don t have to suffer that shit
pak already isolated from gulf sunni muslim countries after they refused to take part in yemen war. modi capit
so what country is like india in that it has good leftist econ programs and hot weather, but not like india in that it doesn t have modi?
modi is relax on speech, glory is different in uae. modi in dubai
diyar also tell us you stalled it for many years, we have speech in the rs
pm modi says uae amp india have decided to punish those who indulge in terror modi in dubai
his emotional iq is very high u must appreciate that part
could you please confirm if bjp s tv crew is broadcasting modi s gala event from dubai to tv chan
narendra modi p mof india great pridefor us
feeling proud
few weeks ago dad asked me what swagger meant. today i told him modi has swagger and he got it. namo in dubai
ppl in our country aren t used to see a working pm..hence when works..they find it different! they motivate raga amp farziw
newly added perfect modi to drive through indian energy reforms
my modi supporters friends over whatsapp have now sorely been reduced to jumlas!!! poor chaps have to defend his ill governance everyday smiley
see so many muslims chanting modi modi
marhaba namo watching narendra modi at dubai sports city international cricket stadium
remains legendary folk hero for as there is no paid media abroad to distort truth
our most influencing star modi....
pm modi says no matter how big the issue is, only peaceful talks can find a solution modi in dubai
indians are so lucky to have a prime minister like sri narendra modi.
modi in uae narendra modi
curious to know what was the site modi etongueerienced when he visited labour camp in uae
modi in dubai need courage and conviction to talk against terror in middle east. well modi just did it.
plz ask they know better abt pakistanis modi in dubai
there are around 700 flights between uae and india, but it took an indian pm 34 years to reach the uae pm narendra modi
you can either be with humanity or terrorism pm modi modi in dubai modi in uae
okay modi, you don t need to etonguelain your entire foreign policy.
the credit for the phenomenal response to modi by nris goes to nehru. he ensured that india remain devoid of jobs and no of nris increase.
modi referring to nepal in his speech in dubai
modi is speaking like that guy who only praises himself merai pechai na ladkiyan pagal h .but everyone knws bohat phenkta h. modi in dubai
sachin chanting overcome by namo wave at namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
congress not good in advertising their policies and achievements, whereas modi and his team are world leaders in adverts.
pm modi says with skill india amp digital india, it s natural for the world to come to india modi in dubai
modi talking up good relations with all neighbors of india except...pakistan modi in dubai
only pm modi has courage to talk about terrorism in an islamic country. no good terrorism or bad terrorism ,straight message to dawood too.
indian prime minister in dubai by janice leon and suchitra chaudhary, gulf news ... indi... na mo
the time has come for all nations who believe in humanity to stand against those who support terrorism or perpetrators o
have no clue why namo travels abroad rather than solving infrastructural amp red tape problems in india. fdi will flow
modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi ho, yeh sambhav nahi
we started make in india . we are asking the world to come and make in india...there are many opportunities pm modi modi indubai
nagaland was dealing wid insurgency 4 a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in north eastern regiontonguem modi modi in dubai
nagaland was dealing with insurgency for a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in north eastern region p
a pakistani. just finished talking about your state of confusions.
ma am you are not listening to modi? jhumlas pe jhumlas pel rahe hain..
live coverage uae visit pm modi to address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium today
parallel universe mr. modi does everything adarsh liberals etongueect him to do.
als pm is such a pushover. where did the 56 inch chest go?
now that s statesmanship at its best.
it takes lot of dare to confront terrorism amp taliban from gulf soil. has done it with ferocity. great leader. modi in dubai modi magic
namo s becoming 1st cm ship is by mere chaplusi of bjp high command, who encouraged coffin scam , when sipahis died at kargil
i want this stuff
6 major massacres of dalits were work of bjp allies. remains silent. modi not welcome
bollywood stars fails ahead modi ji. a real rockstar prime minister.
retweeted paresh rawal
congress ...
amazed at website auto playing modi s speech
dubai cricket stadium has so far had hosted 17 odis, and now hosting 1 modi.
strong stand against terrorism! modi is the global leader with outstanding courage and a fearless attitude! modi in dubai
finding nemo sold 40 million copies. latest blockbuster finding namo has raked 4.5 lakh crore in dubai alone. modi in dubai
dubai cricket stadium in tricolour. ready for pm speech modi
million
it doesn t take 70 minutes to reach nepal, but took a pm 17 years to visit that country modi
crux of what modi is say.. i have been up in the air modi in dubai modi magic
modi is on fire! another potshot at congress! says cong pm never visited nepal for 17 years! modi in dubai
modi must be been tempted to say, hum panch hamare pachees laughing
secular credentials of saheb!!
any religion ever teaches terrorsm ? surelyno
but modi believes otherwise!
what on earth does this mean
exactly! eggs on sickulas. media should understand. modi in dubai
modi! double doctorate in public speaking modi in dubai modi rocks dubai
are you listening to modi or not? if not, listen him on youtube.their is some secret message for pak establishment also.
wouldn t uae have problem with modi using their country as platform for suck msgs?
all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to anybody pm modi
good taliban, bad taliban... this won t work.decide are you with terrorism or with humanity? , says pm modi in dubai
my modi supporters friends over whatsapp have now sorely been reduced to jumlas!!! poor chaps have to defend his ill governanc
cricket team has 11 players 2 attract public but now here s only single player modi in cricket stadium namo in dubai
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of us s madi...
dear mr modi the temperature in dubai is 43 degrees, kindly avoid blowing more hot air.
glad modi did not say today that its because of me quakes in nepal finally stopped. modi in dubai
fishermen between india and sri lanka fought each other on and off narendra modi
how much he tries , modi cannot match s monkey moment in parliament modi in dubai
modi modified them.....! lol
now that modi in dubai is trending....i don t want lalit modi to claim that he was in dubai too...meeting some auntie and uncle...lol.
why not modi is missing melmon of medagaskar cartoon
i want to talk about nagaland. whatever the situation may be, the solution to everything is through dialogue pm modi modi in dubai
pm modi is a proud indian. is a proud aap partyman.
narendra modi sir, if you are a true hindu you ll build a school, a college, a hospital on the land allotted for a temple in the uae.
vote on the poll best modi speech on via
dtn india pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic o...
modi making bold statements on terrorism in muslim countries needs 56 inch ka seena! modi in dubai
modi in uae public transport details for dubai sports city event the national
breaking news pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday re...
rockstar modi can just do only this going to other countries and giving speeches but can solve issues in india!
hah! did a mosque invite him without imposing cap, etc.? jama masjid famously skipped him. crib masters.
yes our presstitutes news traders itching make fun of modi
meaningful fight against terrorism is only possible with uae supporting india in its strong resolution to fight terrorism.a namo initiative
all those who are on the path of violence should shun it and come to the national mainstream. violence will do no good to anybody
modi is best pm of tha world
als pm is such a pushover. where did th
same time you people are denying worshiping rights of the minorties in india dear modi one question to you will you be ready to
narendra modi s speeches are so inspiring. modi in dubai
watch pm modi addresses large gathering of indians in dubai. marhaba namo
true. many need burnol today. modi in dubai
and now narendra modi! modi in dubai
at by na mo advising all those trigger happy amp rogue nation for peace. inching towards nobel peace prize
modi believes global perspective towards india has changed after he took over as pm.
i agree,the world considers india an absolute joke now.
no stand alone visit was made to sri lanka since rajiv gandhi was indian pm pm modi in dubai
nepal sent back the teams as teams were at cross roads
pm modi asks indian diaspora to give standing ovation to his highness crown prince of abu dhabi for alloting land...
finally modi took name of someone from gandhi family...huge relief
bjp sent their cadre 34 years back to uae to welcome modi today. modi in dubai tweet like presstitutes
thw champ is here.. love you modi ji
after usa pm modi receive hero welcome in uae 4.5 lake crore investment 2 india its time wakeup 2 reality!
modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential woos uae, says india...
every country is donating huge amount of money to india.why 2 chant modi modi for that?they aren t fool. they must be taking some advantages
modi in dubai what a speech what a speech.. legendary i say... watching narendra modi
some reactions
u cannot hear modi and not get inspired. this is th leader tht young india needs... modi modi !
modi in dubai modi saying terrorism is threat 4 da development of a country so what u did in godhra, killed so many r u not a threat 2 india
how much time modi needs to reach amp speak in parliament insulting previous govts at foreign land what is he achieving
lol where are those who said if modi becomes pm, aag lag jayegi! modi in dubai
unfortunately humility is certainly not part of narendra modi s repertoire
keep up with everything that says at the dubai cricket stadium with our live blog.
modi pm hindh, u have spent ur entire life as a murder cadre of rss n then trfrd as a smut chauvinist in d bjp genocides
even worse here this ah has totally taken our countries honour to dogs
namo is almost doing ashwamedha yagna capturing hearts of country after country
. all our news channels have become shoe shine boys of modi.
pm modi indicates to pakistan to build strong and reliable relation. said nepal, shrilanka and bangladesh trust on india now.
live speech of modi in dubai modi in dubai tsu na mo in dubai
modi visit to uae modi mention on rajive gandhi, perhaps the first time. after rajive gandhi, none visited srilanka....
in total modi just said muslims are one of the biggest reason behind india s progress. smiley
painting modi ji rly station
i got the opportunity to visit sri lanka as pm and offer all assistance narendra modi
great to see all as indian..namo namo ..
mr modi is set to break at least one record.
maximum number of speeches and maximum duration of speeches!
what is wrong with some people why dont they just cant understand that mr narendra modi is best option india have today.he is a great.
he still signs in gujarati laughing
modi in dubai pm modi meeting , a compassionate nri healthcare honcho in dubai doing india proud by philanthropy in india n uae
sorry,great rajastani,times of india ,indian etongueress amp ur hebrides childs.why speedbraker,why opps,namo doing well.same done indira rajiv ..
doubt your journalistic background, frustration at success of modi in usa, canada,australia, dubai. u r no journalist
pm modi uae and india send a strong message against terrorism with this joint statement modi in dubai
one day we will see modi modi chanting by huge crowd in pakistan modi in dubai
i had the opportunity to go to jaffna to address people s problems there pm modi
modi sir you are happy by welcome. but at border our indians are dying by bullet of pak do you care i am sorry if wrong
no matter which place..but when modi start speech... the whole world concentrate on modi... modi indubai
modi went to sri lanka, was able to go to jaffna and help them.
modi crown prince has pledged investments worth 450,000 crore.
al media but why gujarati thali?
modi in dubai very well done modi jee. proud to be having pm like you.
hate modi all you want but if you want pappu as your pm then i seriously doubt your sanity! or you have other options?
namo in uae, he must say something on gujarat riots in uae
modi has already crossed series d funding i guess. with the amount he has raised his designation should be co founder amp ceo, india
even d dhongi babas on aashtha n such channels dont look so stupid n dumb like modi does wen he gives out his jumla speeches
the terrorists modi just spoke of.
modi leading in dubai too with huge margin. modi in dubai
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai wow feeling outstanding overload happyness.
given the way cong is targeting modi in everything, day is not far when any kid born in a cong household will be blamed on modi too.
modi. is. a. right
majority of nris here don t adhere to modi ideology.. being euphemistic,
power of team india under the leadership of pm namo
prime minister narendra modi condemns blast in bangkok
prime minister narendra modi tonight condemned the bomb blast that took plac..
when that band was serving as opening act for modi, i thought pm would come out slinging a guitar, devil s horns and all. modi in dubai
i agree,the world considers india a
modi is good
it doesnt take 70 mins to reach nepal yet it took 17 years for the indian pm to reach nepal... pm modi
and those who don t shall be found in one or the other stream.
this has to be modi s best. even by his standards.
we started make in india . we are asking the world to come and make in india , there are many opportunities pm modi in dubai
problem with good bad terrorist is yakub memon get hanged but rajiv killers bullar killer aseemanand kodnani bajrangi not! modi ji k jumle
pm modi first indian pm to reach war ravaged jaffna, salute
modi haters are suffocation. all their escape routes slowly closing in on them ...
modi s forced malayalam new year wish, did touch me in a soft place, i confess. not particularly proud of that.
more indian crowd in dubai cricket stadiyum . they were attend the modi speech
mr there is four more years for the next general election
namo i say, i say, i say, i say...aise hi smiley
india
will modi tell dubai audience that bjp opposed land boundary agreement ?
who are sickulars? even liam couldn t control his feelings after listening to modi? modi in uae
the real reason behind my happiness and proudness is modi is speaking in hindi! modi in dubai
uae v s seculars. what a moment. indian muslims at uae are pro modi but sickulars in india are busy to screw the...
modi in dubai seculars don t wanna watch modi, but the can t turn off tv.
no wonder u ended up a failure as cm. add anti modi to ur name rather than wasting so much time trolling the pm?
cue reaction shots of dropped jaws.... when i say.... action!
dragging sr. for good. operation pawan
. for years the congress, sp, ncp, aimim and rjd sought muslim votes on the basis of religion
dear modi ji, aapka speech sun raha tha, light chali gayi, now plz comeback, india needs you more than dubai.
they themselves are burning right now
namo is setting a great trend where he addresss indian diaspora, first it was japan then us, australia now uae.
watching ji live
na mo modi in dubai na mo rocks in dubai namo in dubai
modi gets uae to invest rs.4 lac cr... wow that s exactly the same amt gandhi family has in their swiss bank account modi in dubai
modi is declaring pakistan s innings at the stadium. not even sly gt
r u guy s nationalists.ask urslf
hello no stand alone visit was made to sri lanka since rajiv gandhi was indian pm pm modi in dubai
modi has spoken about bdesh, sl, nepal, maldives.....next??
of course bhutan modi in dubai
pm modi did u visit our army veterans sitting at jab tar mantra? here u r boasting about ur visits
modi rocks in dubai.greetings to malayalee diaspora in new year is great gesture.
proud moment for indian. we are proud of you mr. modi. modiin uae
india is victim of terror bcoz india hasn t unfortunately got any brave pm post narsimaha rao. modi is such a coward!
modi says govt is everywhere did he just do a george orwell? big brother watching ya ll!
i added a video to a playlist modi s uae visit pm address indian diaspora in dubai cricket stadium
meaningful fight against terrorism is only possible with uae supporting india in its strong resolution to fight terrorism
i m bringing it up as an ex that every conflict can only be resolved through peaceful dialogue pm modi modi in uae
cut the rhetoric. modi ji what have you achieved regarding catching dawood?
par phir bhi modi ji to ghumne jate hai ..
what a awesome speech pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium via
even d dhongi babas on aashtha n such channels dont look so stupid n dumb like modi does wen he gives out his jumla speec
what the fuckity fuck is this?
hey and modi can do a lot better than you people at centre. maan lo ab..
yes modi spoke on every issue terrorism,unsc seat,naga accord,nepal,bangladesh,fdi amp india s demographic dividend bravo
bangla desh conflict is resolved by mms,modi is claiming his credit.he always try to denigrate earlier pms of the nation in sponsored trips.
narendra modi is so humble, never talks about himself.
pm modi addresses indian diaspora, says i see mini india in dubai when will usa prez come to india amp say sees mini us here
congress will be fuming at modi in dubai for mentioning rajiv gandhi s name in his speech
pm modi visits masdar planned city project in abu dhabi
puppy modi is roaring in uae. he has warned the world about terrorism as if he was not born when the gujarat riots happened.
when maldives faced water crisis, india did not waste a minute in sending drinking water narendra modi
honestly, modi is speaking right points on wrong platform. dubai nris wants to hear solutions to their problems. modi in dubai
if modi were a type of movie, he would be porn. making everyone feel good. using mouth and hands a lot and making much noise modi in dubai
with this kind of reception modi would hv won the election even in dubai. modi in dubai
modiin uae my dubai my uae
..look at this...
hilarious..
and it is clear that modi can t leave politics any where in this world
namo live from
basically look how awesome i am and how much i get to travel modi right now.
this agressive, no holds barred agitation asking for un sustainable funds in pension is not done
give namo time !
modi takes his usual election rally drama to west asia. modi in dubai
whatever it is , you can t deny the fact that modi is a good speaker modi in dubai
reason i tweeted to u because i voted for you and promoted you and mr modi . but iam disappointed no improvement in basics
50,000 indians paid to see modi, a good sum of malayalees too..but modi would need a few more adani s to make mallus vote bjp..
more than 700 flights come to dubai every week..but it took 34 year to an indian pm to come here. pm modi s speech in dubai. modi in dubai
hate him all you want. modi stands tall and proud wherever he goes.
modi giving an account of all good onsite trips
but still, modi should have said sorry for 2002 while giving his speech at dubai if he believes in equality manish tewari
modi visit to uae those who questions modi that what have u done, or what are u doing, listen to his dubai address live ..just to get to know
no leder f any country hs evr raised isue of terorism in public adres on foreign soil that too in islamic nation bt modi has
well said by na mo good to see him promote peace and harmony and sending positive signal to the world.
dear modi ji
you have much more imp. duties here , if ed cannot be taken to task over national herald case, then bhakt
gift a suit to saheb which says namo 151 times. entry pakki!
delay yes amp unfortunate, but no uncertainty, orop will be implemented amp that too by modi sarkar smiley
dear modi you don t get tired just speaking and speaking ! that to literally fake !!
after yakub, it s turn of kodnani, bajrangi, aseemanand. right? pm modi terrorists must be given maximum possible punishment
wat a speeeeechhhhhhhh 100 salute to pm modi .... modi in dubai
modi makes history in uae gulf making indians proud and respect of indians in international community at all time high.
the sanghi lie bursted !! shame on pseudo nationalist modi bhakts!
all these days u were crying that modi hasn t visited an islamic country. now do u consider modi in uae this?
modi when maldives faced drinking water crisis, we helped them. humne maldives ko pyaasa rehne nahin diya.
modi has no virtue, he is a den of vice. india is unfortunate to have him as pm.
indian pm narendra modi has as much charisma as i ve ever seen in a world leader. he emphasises amp stresses on...
yes modi spoke on every issue terrorism,unsc seat,naga accord,nepal,bangladesh,fdi amp india s demogra
as soon as modi said there is an govt in delhi who is working every where, jumped from his seat and started clapping
when other heads will be as popular as modi. that simple.
waah modi sir waah
u brought india close to indians.
sharing all info. amp devp.
modi talking like a real regional leader of a great country with vast influence. points to a stronger foreign policy.
prime minister narendra modi has urged businessmen in
modi haters really hate self but dont hav guts to accept their flawed mind.lost in pure perversion
assam cm tarun gogoi seeks clarification from pm narendra modi on naga accord the economic times
. even in j amp k grounded in inclusive sufi culture, the islamic state has begun to establish presence
congrats narendra modi ji on breaking record of yuvraj singh of fastest half century. modi in dubai
rajdeep right now ...constipated amp hearing modi s speech modi in dubai
now modi brings up afghanistan
modi speak about nepal earthquack naw use
thank god, he didnt said bahrain is our neighbour!, like his previous mentions.
is mr.ram madav international event management etongueert or crowd is coming only amp only to listen modi ji modi in dubai
mr. modi, please stop poor school kids to dress as tricolour and sit in sun for hours.ban this from next time please!!!
modi is the first indian pm to visit uae in 34 years. can congress deny the fact? tweet your views live on
after d irritating news f radhe maa d news channels gt inspiring news to show d world widout any plotting n xtra masala. thanx to mr.modi ji
wow, modi is like that aunty i know in the family. keeps bragging above his foreign trips. modi in dubai
it took only 70 mins to travel nepal. but v took 17 years to visit nepal
namo
did pm got fooled or did he try to fool india? uae temple land was already gifted 2013
around the world in 5 years namo celeb novels
best innings by gujarati in dubai international. stadium. well played modi. modi in dubai
so called modi leher.
before election modi had said that pakistan should be dealt with the same language. now, he is so defensive. wtf!!
time has come for a decisive fight against terrorism has come, says prime minister narendra modi modi in dubai
pak faces heat gets all side fire from indian lion mr.modi ji on terror.stop terrorism start dialogue.
no modi, bragging about how we helped our neigbhours is not helpful. please don t do it.
his words turned out be true. modi thought that iron man of india is made of iron. so he started the statue.
video pm modi urges uae to invest inindia pm modi urges uae to invest in india pm modi urges uae to...
nagaland was dealing with insurgency for a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in north eastern region
dude get a life! neither u nor sonia or pappu can achieve what namo has....
can bhakths tel me in which language modi has written the dialogue of malayalam?
our neighbour afghanistan is passing through a tough time, and india is standing with it narendra modi
tiranga in uae. never been so much crowd present at a single place for a non sports event. namo namah. modi in dubai
after yakub, it s turn of kodnani, bajrangi, aseemanand. right? pm modi terrorists must be given maximum poss
only brave heart like is capable to do that
modi haters are suffocating. all their escape routes are closing in on them ..
etongueect more despairation and thrashing around with their lies
i feel some punch line is going to come as modi in praising all neighbours. modi in dubai
f bigger disgrace india
pm modi asks indian diaspora 2 giv standing ovation 2 crown prince of abu dhabi
pls trend
we sent drinking water to maldives through flights pm modi in dubai
separation of east was by those whom modi amp haseena etongueosed few months back. read history otherwise get lost..
sir that s because of people clapping and shouting modi modi in dubai namo in dubai
copied tweet from
modi is a good toker his very wall know how speak good lines
same think will happen to stooges who will keep on defending every shit of namo....
in pictures narendra modi s uae visit
this crowd proves that muslims hv no problem with modi, its the congress that want to make it sound like he is their du
pimps are like. okay. but modi did not take us on his tour. so we will downplay everything.
some of the veterans have an agenda...to disgrace modi...he has assured on the honour of the flag..
modi now talking about india s presence and strategic ties within south asia. nepal, sri lanka, maldives, afghanista. good stuff
my guess, zee doing this for modi.
i m bringing it up as an ex that every conflict can only be resolved through peaceful dialogue pm modi modi in uae htt
yes ,just he called shekh hasina as bangladesh president
modi magic land to be allocated for temple in uae
namo knockout there are 700 every week from dubai to india but it took 34 years for the pm to come
thanks dear for appropriately portraying modi charisma
can someone suggest me a world leader that s more active than modi modi in dubai
do you remember once sagarika ji tweeted how worried she is world will not welcome modi. you did reply to that if i remember.
this man narendra modi is singling out pakistan in his speech.
there is a pattern modi humiliated previous pms in germany, canada, japan, china, now he does the same in uae. modi in dubai
pm praised the efforts of hardworking indians, who have migrated to the uae for work
why beating his chest on helping .... what india did was not any mercy..... this joker killing all good deed..... modi in dubai
etongueect more despairation and thrashing around
exactly this type of pm india needs
great speech by
now everyone have to agree that actually bandea mai dam hai!!!!
modi in dubai .. last was master blaster s strokes in uae that brought so much indians at one place. now it s namo namo
our neighbour afghanistan is passing through a tough time, and india is standing with it pm modi marhaba namo
oh he is just following modi s antics
modi unlimited chest thumping amp talking everything gr8 abt him amp rest all in history were useless ppl won t like
everything good in india is due to modi
i don t think any indian muslim had voted for modi.
but we must demand cut throat securalism from him.
twisted society
his re
ndtv when there are efforts towards skill development, digital india then it is natural for the world to come to india pm modi in duba
ndtv we are victims of terrorism for 40 years. innocent people have lost their lives pm modi
modi magic ongoing in all the news channels.. missing the daily debates on ndtv.
i wish someone would tell mr modi the effectiveness of soft power is inversely proportional to the amount you brag about it. modi in dubai
interested in building a legacy? build homes for the homeless amp sports arenas for the youth. not temples around the world. modi in uae
wow, modi is like that aunty i know in the family. keeps bragging about his foreign trips. modi in dubai
it has been our endeavour to take india to greater heights narendra modi
when right hand helps left hand does not get to know...this is indian culture mr modi
india has been constantly helping afghanistan pm modi in dubai
too deep. way too deep.
modi in dubai we will surely welcome modi when he returns tomorrow with arrested dawood in tow.
pm modi emphasizes good relations with neighbors, crowd jeers in modi chant
congress and left are not baffled with modi s craze in islamic nation but over feeling that their biggest source of funding drying
there is a pattern modi humiliated previous pms in germany, canada, japan, china, now he does the same in uae. modi i
modi putting the screws to pakistan in his foreign policy speech. by not mentioning them at all. modi in dubai
is it pappu or our own pm sayin such non sense?
narendra modi i am very thankful to the uae govt for their decision to allot land in order to build a temple in ab
i wish someone would tell mr modi the effectiveness of soft power is inversely proportional to the amount you brag about
modi didn t comment on pakistan. yet. modi in dubai
no other politician in the world can match modi for the sheer magnitude of challenge and excitement of being pm of india now modi in dubai
modi recalls earthquake 2015 and india s swift aid mission at dubai. padoosi dharma.
proud to have na mo modi in dubai as prime minister..
jai hind..
the military ignores obama s order to release shaker aamer from guantnamo , ftsn newsdesk, , new world or
we always want to live in peace and harmony with our neighbours and prosper modi in dubai
modi moving india 40 yrs backwards bhakts say pm introduce apprenticeship its dead 40 yrs ago
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbours pm modi in dubai
after tendulakr storm dubai must have cheered this the most..modi modi
narendra modi hitting fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium...well played, sir... modi in dubai.
modi s going on and on about me in his speech.
if gujarat model was a bluff, dubai model of development is nightmare.
modi is following it already, with his own cronies n criminals.
so is dawood being welcomed by modi .... ??
india proud of etongueatriates, says modi
modi in dubai this man modi is getting above caste creed and religion day by day he is turning out to be a international leader
some of the veterans have an agenda...to disgrace modi...he has assured on the honou
to all those who chant namo namo...
modi now talks of kabuliwala! india s love for afghans! tagore must be so pleased! modi in dubai
modi in dubai modi never cared for the indian muslims but now in dubai worrying about kabuli muslims
10 key takeaways from modi s uae visit
a player nt a com
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbouring countries pm modi
pm modi live from uae great man great words
saarc countries have come together on the path to development narendra modi
where r those congi spokies who i guess anand sharma promised that they wll b sent whenever modi is in foreign tour?
hi patelvikas patelvikas04290, do u want to get free iph0ne 6 today? please check my bi0. thx
modi chose dubai 2 show 2 the world he s above religions amp not averse 2 muslims, a stigma congres thrust on him
pm people from all over the world visit dubai and today i am seeing a mini india here modi in dubai
you don t need to search bitches in slutload or porntube bcoz you will find them twitting here especially against modi.. lol modi in dubai
paid? there were tickets sold for this?
namo......in new form.... modi in dubai
an anonymous modi supporter writes a powerful letter to him to end the porn ban
watching our pride....our pm.... sri.narendra modi s speech live from dubai..... feeling proud
modi going hard against terrorism is a good thing to hear. hope to see him work towards it when he s back. modiin uae
malayalees will hv to choose between pinarai and chandy,two devils looking at them with smiles to finish them off
please reach there soon . so many people to save from narendra modi.
proof 4.5laks investment guaranty in make in india
powerful speech by na mo interesting... his posture and speech radiates confidence and sincerity marhaba na mo hats off to
it is sad that modi needs to chant his achievements. was supposed to be the job of the media.
we have defined the border with bangladesh for the first time since independence pm modi
modi ji is bringing lot of foreign money and investors to india but actual outcomes of these steps will take time to effect.
modi, kabuli wala reminds us of friendships with afg since our childhood.
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin
prime minister narendra modi, with over one mil
how poetically criticizing pakistan. wow modi
so the cat is out ! modi scuttles national herald investigation. bows to italian queen
congress says when modi in mosque there is nothing great about pm modi s visit to sheikh zayed grand mosque
modi can stoop to this level that he had to tell police force to ill treat veterand. on modi
vulgar display of indian charity by modi going on in dubai!
sick joker repeats his abominable behaviour in uae, trash talk reminds one of guy prancing around, dick in hand
krjri went catora for himself to spend on himself modi
went for indias future
love u modi modi in dubai
modi mentioned kabuliwala, bengalis suddenly changed rating for speech from 2 star to 5 star.
modi in dubai modi coming in prime time .has taken away all pressitute baak baak time. listening great speech after office ,feel energetic
all these are bohra muslims. .pure businessmen...so dnt think that muslims here will vote for modi
india sent aid to nepal within hours of the earthquake pm modi modi in dubai
modi has political acumen,he defeated d biggest mafia amp became pm.yet he remained a mere mortal.
and then they compared him to god. immo al!
again poor modi publicity stunt land given in 2013 for temple see times of india what he want to gain just poor publicity stunt shame
congress will now demand that modi must not visit countries with large number of indian diaspora
critics u won t like it but just don t forget that finally we have a pm who knows how to earn respect. modi in dubai
modi deliberately speaks about anti terrorism by indirectly addressing to gold man. brave modi ji modi in dubai
this is royal trolling by modi
on the eve of nsa talks, modi appears to have made some subtly conciliatory comments toward pakistan in his dubai speech. modi in dubai
so where can i get data of the total deal sign by modi in all his trip across the globe
just think about pakistan after narendra modi s speech in uae .. you will feel pity for them with a smile on face !! modi in dubai
modi in dubai modi in again in self praise mode..cursing earlier pm for not visiting neighbours.
live modi makes a ... bad taliban bad terror dubai modi good terror india modi ctags
. people aren t their for any rock concert.the gathering around the world for him is the proof of trust modi has gained
modi is always right
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbouring countrie
congis and pakis getting hit for fours and sixes by at dubai cricket stadium
thank you so much
2 people are not happy today, anti modi amp pakistan. can someone please send burnol to them? modi in dubai
you are blessed. btwn you can start a digital coffee pe charcha like pm modi s hit chai pe charcha. smiley
cannot digest the success of namo in uae ? eat hajmola today !!!
abpnewstv india is victim of terror bcoz india hasn t unfortunately got any brave pm post narsimaha rao. modi is
dear modi, please initiate talks to revive the good old sharjah cricket tournaments modi in dubai
narendra modi usurping famed barritone modi in dubai
on the eve of nsa talks, modi appears to have made some subtly conciliatory comments toward pakistan in his dubai spee
timesnow modi makes history in uae gulf making indians proud and respect of indians in international community at
the military ignores obama s order to release 75 lb. shaker aamer from guantnamo
clive stafford smith
please sone can help me to count i am in modi speech
another pic of empty stadium that indian media is saying is packed!
watching marhaba namo, cricket stadium. dubai at blk super speciality hospital
ndtv we have defined the border with bangladesh for the first time since independence p
infact mosque paid obesance by chanting modi modi ,,,, burnol moment fr u
was otp with namo beh i miss you bigtime!! wuv u
you know who namo reminds me of shankar das from azhakiya ravanan.
yes, nris should get out of their ghetto mentality and integrate with the mainstream of their adopted nations.
. modi knows it how?
2011 census data 121 cr
2013 125 cr
2014 127 cr world bank data
factor in pop growth, do the math.
gary 1980in are their any provisions in our constitution to pay extra to a multi skil
modi in dubai modi the word is enough
india will launch a satellite in 2016, services will be provided free of cost to saarc countries modi
listen modi ji s live speech from dubai
pm modi proves that he is a leader with a 56 inch chest when he talks about taliban in a muslim land! modi in dubai
are no fools,they know is real while is noor of eyes of his mummy alone
atta boy...need guts..a clear heart..no appeasement....
no stand alone visit was made to sri lanka since rajiv gandhi was indian pm pm modi in du
it took 17 years for an indian pm to visit nepal which is less than 70 minutes away from delhi pm modi modi in dubai
problem with good bad terrorist is yakub memon get hanged but rajiv killers bullar killer aseemanand kodnani bajrangi not! m
modi talks about saarc satellite. will give services to saarc countries free of cost.
doesn t it occur to that the growing thru cheaply manufactured etongueorts doesn t work anymore?
to whom this message?! modi ji you are in one of the best peaceful nation in the world!
what do you think of namo? can he deliver what he promises modi in dubai
u r idiot together wd ignorant..dis is js behind whr modi is speaking..i doubt u hav heard wat security concerns are
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights august 17, 2015 at 09smiley0pm online media
bohris are known to support narendra modi. bohris are the richest gujarati muslim clan in india. they own lots of businesses
rightly said sir. hope modi ji has realised that by now.
supplementary part of independence day speech listening to narendra modi
mother son duo will ensure that namo does not get to address parliament peacefully. so no point on his even attending it.
salute to you narendra modi sir....waiting for more and action against desh ke gaddar
modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation business standard times of india...
he knows that his votebank is a away. malsin gulf modi in dubai
live it took 34 years for an indian pm to come to uae pm modi tells indians in dubai prime minister narendr...
modi speaking in malayali is the human equivalent of . modi in dubai
yuvaitv the internet tv initiative from bjp .
very true doc.
modi sir, truly sharing amp educating fellow indians, bringing india close to heart.
some may feel homesick.
enough sachin references. come on guys. you re better than this! and sachin gt modi
modi visit india uae to crack down on terrorism radicalisation in a move signalling their growing closeness, ...
congress and left are not baffled with modi s craze in islamic nation but over feeling that their biggest source of fun
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbouring countries pm
in november modi is in vizag to announce the details of package. tour finalised. ap should not dominate bi
me india will overtake china s population by 2020. what is modi doing about that ?
the husband well he is definitely not doing anything.
whn modi visited ganga when he won da election u asked him to visit a mosque. u forgot dat u hypocrite lady?
shameless person
yum yo dee aayi. ... spelling out modi in dubai
we sent drinking water to through flights pm modi in dubai
that epic pause which ji takes after some statements ! modi in dubai modi magic
it is highly unfortunate that narendra modi government who came to power promising a corruption free state has...
sadist optimist tongue
pakistan has a big reason to worry. modi doval at work. modi in dubai
sigh. malayalam is the language. malayali is the people.
saar what is this you singing praises to modi now... tongue
connectivity plays a huge role in development, europe is a fine example narendra modi
after clean india, skill india,make in india, pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion
modi in dubai modi loses his mental balance in foreign countries becoz as a nationalist he leave his mind in india.
india pm modi tells dubai indians how significant remittances were during sanctions period. half of india s inward remittance from gcc
modi projecting india as a major south asian power. modi in dubai marhaba modi
thank you for the suggestion. sounds like work smiley, don t think this is fine?
be it terrorism or anything .. now saarc, modi targeting pakistan from all over. delinking them from uae completely on moral grounds
. there is no other country... with such breathtaking plurality at the highest level of leadership
our pm a man of words he claimed all indians are his family members amp he proved it as distance could not bound his love for indians.
first time in my life i heard in cricket stadium instead of sachin sachin modi in dubai
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic...
modi modi in dubai narendra modi now brings up afghanistan.
modi mitron..
dubai save it! more than half of our income already goes back to kerala.
what a speech in dubsi? i salute you especially showing your bond to nepal
modi announced 4.5 lakh crore investments from dubai govt
dont know how many people in our country can write this figure also..
so is dawood being welcomed by modi... ??
no one can beat modi in speech.... namo dubai to b an indian
yes. fabulous. hindutava terrorism will be condemned just as islamist terrorism is. gooooo modi!! modi in dubai
namo told there is no good taliban bad taliban .good terrorism ,bad terrorism
he gave a clear tough talk against terror
live watch pm modi in uae will launch satellite that will help saarc nations pm modi
vajpayee, kalam amp modi have proved that if there is no disturbance frm wife in life, even a poet, scientist or a chai wala can lead a nation
a month before uae was bloody terrorist,anti india country for faku
prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of us s madison sqaure as he addressed a large gathe...
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of us ... over.
only a leader of modi s stature can talk about terrorism in an islamic country. ka
modi is the ameer sayani of this era... modi in dubai
hindustan times gt live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi
700 flights a year to uae from india and it took 34 years for pm to visit uae. modi in dubai stadium modi indubai namo rocks in dubai
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic... make in india
why can t saarc countries replicate what europe has done narendra modi
how narendra modi does a tendulkar every time he goes outside india. astonishing. modi in uae modi rocks in dubai
did modi intentionally skipped pakistan s name while naming its neighbour bt said east pakistan n west pak? modi in dubai
and yet our country men die due to thirst eventhough cherappunji in receives the highest annual rain
modi took name of every nation of saark, but nt of pakistan.. its new way of saying.. pakistan ki ma ki chut..
on twitter
bhai ye modi bada fenku hai..
on resume
micro blogger, putting smiles on more than 20,000 followers through my blogs.
modi is not pm of indians but of nris non resident indians
namo dubai , proud of you sir. dubai malayali
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of us s madison...
urgent required huge contingent of burnol at akbar road.
he s on his way..his plane will land directly on ur rooftop..you can chillax now!
modi speaking is malayalam is the human equivalent of . modi in dubai
sure i love 2 listen 2 modi in dubai but not in d time slot of ag remains my first love. so modi kaka, please wrap up
if we go by modi s speech, the greatest achievement of bjp is to have formed govt. in new delhi amp modi s greatest achievement becoming pm.
see the feelings...its all modi modi.
i think u are sure,running a modi speech ll give u more trp than ur newstoday at 9 dubai
look at the respect namo commands among world leaders
haha. missed that. ek aadh slip up tp hota hai modi se. magar hinglish goof up kahan. woh to hamare future hai.
his humility shines through.. modi in dubai
in dubai cricket stadium u could see there r toilets written in big , as jiski fatt jaye modi k bhashan se woh waha jaha s
some may fee
if you write a book on modi, what would be its title?
modi is beyond terrific, intense amp powerful in this remarkable speech...takes big swipe at terrorism!
china, usa amp now russia oppose india s candidacy for permanent seat in unsc.
uae support india for unsc.
yeah modi modi modi
modi is disgusting. the most pompous amp obnoxious speech i have ever heard. insulting another country while being their guest.
in 2016 india will launch 7 satellites which will be shared to 7 neighbouring countries of subcontinent, free! na mo modi in dubai
namo in dubai narendra modi is stirring popular feeling in dubai..... great job at reviving indian pride
no one can match modi ji.. modi in dubai
rajdeep has blocked me. but as usual misplaced faith. lol
free saarc satellite in 2016 for farmers, scientists modi.
can we use it for terrorists ? sharif
congress when modi in india pm modi s does not visit mosque. he is anti muslim. please give congress burnoil....
wake me up if ever ends up saying or writing anything remotely positive about modi
modi trolling everyone namo in dubai
micro blogger, putting smiles on more than 20,000 followers throug
however serious a problem might be, the solution emerges only through dialogue. in uae
ye pm hai ya hakeem wink
this is not crowd for world cup match or any concert, this is a crowd showing their love for pm modi. modi in dubai
modi mania..
5th world top trending..
does vast majority mean 21 who don t like modi?cause modi has a 79 approval rate.
i m sure that by the end of this speech, crown prince will give up his delegation to modi. na mo in dubai
no mention of desert storm 1998 in modi s speech? disappointed.
modi in dubai loving it
modi rocks in dubai .what a speech ,what a personality,a true gentleman modi in dubai
after clean india,digital india, make in india,pm now wants accessible india. this is true inclusion
i don t understand why these aap congress fellows act like they wet their undies every time namo gives a speech.
live india, uae joint statement is a clear message against terrorism, pm says
narendra modi can make impossible things possible, only pm who can turn words into deeds.
na pak was killer choice of words wink modi in dubai namo in dubai narendra modi
pm speaking about relationship with neighboring nations
hats of to our pm modi ! every visit he does he gets back something for the country !
pm modi speaks of kabuliwallah the character rabindranath tagore immortalised love any touch smiley modi in dubai
the husband well he is definitely
pm modi says our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress modi in dubai
bang on! modi in dubai
look at the crowd in uae stadium.
modi.. modi.. modi.. chant everywhere..
amp amp who says muslims don t like modi.....
we all with u namo
do the math ... world bank is gospel?! it could be 128 crore, it could be 126 crore
modi you can travel in europe, you won t know when a country begins or ends. same thing can happen in saarc.
we fudged gdp data, farmer suicide data. i did my best to ensure those you send money to lost land more easily...
whether you agree with his ideology or you don t, but you can t deny the fact that modi s oratory skills are godmode!
pm modi says effort has been to maintain strong friendship with neighbouring countries modi in dubai
we were successful in rejuvenating saarc india has promised to provide services of a satellite to saarc nations free of cost pm modi
pm modi good bad taliban won t work. are you with terrorism or without ?
a tough fight against terrorism .. indo uae joint resolution... the world welcomes this namo initiative modi in dubai
listening to a speech makes you a patriot? i guess i ll never be a patriot all my life
breaking angered by modi s trip to uae, a furious rahul gandhi has retaliated by leaving for spain this evening on vacation.
hblp modi should have first visited a mosque in india aimplb all india muslim personal law board aimplb to...
modi needed two hours for redfort speech. he decided to split into two parts and one he is giving from dubai. modi in dubai
burnol moment for adarsh liberals modi in dubai namo in dubai
dada...this is how rajdeep wud be..plz see the pic
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbours pm modi in
please some one can help me to count i am in modi speech every 3rd word is i if you doubt please count
modi absolutely demolishing pakistan.
modi sir
pls bring washing machine from dubai..
modi has some capacity to talk, man. all india backchod
e dhoklabhai,the trees in gulf hv stopped producing gold,u will do baklol n go,the govt will start taxing the etongueats
modi ji has guts....... standing in islamic country and cursing taliban and terrorism. loved it.......
modi my predecessors have left very good things for me to do
congress eh
india will launch sarc satelitetonguem modi announces in uae
that epic pause which ji takes after some statements ! modi in dubai modi rocks in dubai
modi has made a lot of trips. u r going to link all of dem to upcoming elections?
did u like srsly go to school?
orop ex service chiefs write to pm narendra modi, ask to resolve the issue immediately via
what s tragic is, some people wish ill for their own country only to justify their modi hatred! shameless creeps.
connectivity plays a huge role in development, europe is a fine example narendra modi ji modi in dubai
is this the pm of india talking or a frontline bjp leader on a campaign? no statesmanship or sense of the collective. only i me my...
modi speaking about planning to launch a common satellite for the welfare of countries
ndtv we have defined the border with bangladesh for the first time since independence pm modi
well speach for uae
pm. modi g....
does this mean we ll have a drainage system that works? indiatoday live uae agreed to invest 4.5 lakh crore in india modi
modi is bashing islamic terrorism in no holds barred attack that too in strict islamic country. that takes some metal. raga must be shitting
i just asked something to modi ji , why ur so desperate ??
modi taking on china indirectly using nepal issue. super modi in dubai
dna live watch pm modi in uae will launch satellite that will help saarc nations pm modi
modi has no knowledge amp speaks like dustbin. mms visited gulf thrice oman and qatar in nov 2008 amp saudi arabia in feb 2010. modi in dubai
modi govt. brings a comprehensive black money bill to curb the black money menace. trust modi sarkaar
pm modi is a rockstar
modi is truely a world leader, whole world accepts it, except few
looking at modi s determination to curb terrorism i m very sure he s going to shut down rss terror camps across india as soon as he returns!
just for modi haters... chew on this while waiting for achhe din...
some people had some problems.. okay fine, we will go on without you modi refers to pakistan s objectns on connectivity projects in saarc
modi in dubai indian media shut by modi once and all
sinivdev ddnewslive pm modi an atmosphere of trust has been established during my visit
mr u wanted to see modi s dum power watch out big daddy in dubai..seculars chanting modi modi,a crowd more than a cric match
nepal, bhutan, india and bangladesh have set up a connectivity plan, and will soon extend to myanmar, indonesia modi
modi modi chantings in full swing in dubai leading to burnol sales in full swing in delhi modi in dubai
modi in dubai hitting hard where it should. namo very cleverly mentioning all padosis...
d hahah smiley many msm journos i met in nyc amp dc, they were so tired just covering modi s events smiley
modi modi in dubai narendra modi talking about saarc countries.
na mo roaring in dubai.....
nearly 35 40 thousand people present......
not a fan of but that selfie diplomacy with sheikhs was pretty cool modi in dubai
modi has no knowledge amp speaks like dustbin. mms visited gulf thrice oman and qatar in nov 2008 amp saudi arabia in feb
sir delhi fort mein nai kr paye to dubai mein is equal to kr rahe hain modi ji
some people had some problems.. okay fine, we will go on without you modi refers to pakistan s objectns on connectivity pro
modi ji is everywhere.....smiley
cz your son is a modi lover
modi used to speak very nuisance words like kootri a bitch , rom nu raaj joiye ke raam nu ?
modi s speech in one picture modi in dubai
switching between channels. modi channel sounds like tendulkar batting in power play, not sure abt final result though. rockstar modi
modi ji slying like a boss today modi in uae
check this pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on surya ray
narendra modi s speach from dubai live he pronouns nepal nepal and nepal on every second salute
modi in dubai when was the last time did an indian pm command so much respect around the world? awesome modi ! wish all his vision pays off.
breaking news pm modi s dubai speech key highlights
if there are any pakistanis in dubai i think they must be pretending they don t know modi is visiting
lot of rock has been thrown on modi and with help of these rock s he became a rock star.
cheering to theek hai bhai, par facts correct kar le, rajasthan ke elections ke time modi gujarat ka cm tha. smiley
modi sarcastically targets congress and pakistan at the same time. modi in dubai marhaba modi
put them in jail,what is stopping modi,mass conversion is due to atrocities of upper class hindus which r ruling now
modi is still in election mode.
my news feed is full of modi in dubai.
wen
still modi went for riots in 2002, murderer!
massacre king
after pm modi s speech, google reports unprecedented search requests for kuchh log !?!
modi in dubai word pun
fair to say the turn out at modi s speech in dubai is quite impressive
modi my predecessors have left many good things for me to do
we can now cut down forests guilt free, because we call it reforestation...
pm violence will not do good to anyone. modi in dubai
the will to speak malayalam in dubai is exactly the reason why modi is so popular. when was the last time someone did something like that?
uae has agreed to grant india land for a temple pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
watching pm modi on television.. feeling proud to be indian...
modi if yu re not voting him in the next elections,yu re a first class idiot
modi is the brendan rodgers of politics. pr master. but the moment things start to go wrong all of it will look ugly
while people were watching modi speak,
there are people looking for the deputy pm of sheikh mansoor manchester city richest family
modi has well developed gujarat. can we call him mini india, power house of india.
modi in dubai grand reception for as he addresses indian community in dubai cricket stadium. 50,000 greet marhaba modi
yes people like rajiv, indira, ehsaan jaffery
more than anything the marhaba namo event seems like a self promotion of
weed energy
he is selling, and sometimes it s essential to establish credentials, though it might sound bragging to detractors.
etongueected on 15 th august in redfort delivered in dubai stadium today.modi speech in dubai.
hit whr it hurts d most national herald, vadra dlf, lalit modi s claim of sonia asking 60million s. only was 2 resolve
i am a mini india , pm in
let modi and his supporters revel in these moments of glory ... come 2019 no one will remember these madison square moments.
watching indias biggest rockstar live n tv from dubai laughing
dear uae,we dont need ur support 4 permanent seat in unsc and we dont want modi back..keep the change.
modi in dubai pm mesmerised and hypnotised entire dubai uae. everyone was cheering like possessed only modi modi chant on lips
live watch pm modi in uae asking world to come and make in india pm modi prime minister narendra modi w...
modi njoying pointless speech .
. modi is gospel to you? alright.
that s modi for you, knows how to do temple politics...shame shame modi..
live pic of ... in
next election modi should contest from abu dhabi.he will definitely win
prime minister narendra modi on a two day visit to the uae is..
nris in stadium are angry with modi.
acc to our sources before leaving for dubai modi promised dem to bring rajdeep with him
congress attacks pm modi on his legacy remarks in uae
lies.
can t comment on what will happen. have to admire his work ethic and commitment and his desire to make a difference.
namo nailed it again. 1 of th grtst icons of th world tdy. lvng th way he is scrwng pak.
will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents cong to pm modi
if election was the agenda, there too modi is well ahead of the commoners. they r thinking bihar amp modi has reached kerala!
whatever the situation may be, the solution to everything is through dialogue modi
dollar rs equation is indirectly proportional to modi foreign visits more visits rupee more down.
after doing a peace pact with a freedom fighting organisation from north east modi found lecturing others on good and bad talibans
modi setting up the rules of fight against terrorism. wake up world. modi in dubai
modi has singled out pakistan for special treatment today ...
pm modi in uae country looks forward to scale friendly ties with india oneindia
modi saheb
is asking 4 proof of his innocence
in pa 1 clip
pa 1
listen pa 2 clip 4 proof 1 2
pak being trolled mercilessly by namo, without even being mentioned once by name... modiin dubai modi rocks dubai
bhai ab aur 10 sal aur yahi business to criticize modi only as congress will not come in power due to rahul
shame on influenced by modi n sangh.thnx for waking up those who still believes in achhe din ayenge.jo bjp la hi nahi sakti
modi sr.....u smashd d stage in dubai.....incrdble man wid visionary speech again...... reloaded....
one day we will tell our grandchildren that we were alive when modi made 125 crore indians feel their chests swell with pride.
people who wanted to watch na moin dubai couldn t see him see him here live
it 1st hs to be dvlpd enuf to hve etongueats.thats wt modi is trying to achieve.in the meantime you can keep ur nonsnse 2 urself.
modi in full form today. witty, sarcastic, funny and inspiring. good stuff
mohamed, modi discuss ties
in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror prime minister narendra modi didn t ment...
praising modi for that big deal of 4 lakh crore.lol!
uae king is fool ? must be taking something big from modi. who knows what but bhakkts
yes, only pm modi ji can do this, comment on good bad terrorism in a muslim country,
it s a momentous occasion for indian diaspora in uae. pm narendra modi ji has brought smiles on their faces by...
do you think congress will field priyanka just like the way namo s name was announced as pm candi just few months before elections
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai ..congress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or congress modi in dubai
no wonder pakistan hates na mo. he just finds words and ways to irritate the hell out of it. amazing! marhaba namo
jobs for youth, second green revolution in agriculture across india is our goal narendra modi
first time in my life i heard in cricket stadium instead of sachin sachin
we the india is secular since ancient times except the moguls...
not only continues to belittle outside india, but has even started doing to neighbours like nepal amp maldives modi in dubai
lo kar lo baat har sal isse bade scams humne kiye 10 yrs
will someone please take away his trumpet
wow. just wow. this is for the pm. he s surely some kinda rockstar i think modi in dubai
this is namo style.. u can t predict before he speaks
let modi and his supporters revel in these moments of glory ... come 2019 no one will remember these madison square
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai ..congress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or co
when maldives faced drinking water crisis, we helped them pm modi
pm modi again takes a jibe at pak, talking about how saarc countries are cooperating but 1 country wants to oppose everything. modi in dubai
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it modi
times now says modi s dubai debut they should add the word acting to debut. spreading jumla in the uae. modi in dubai makein india
prime minister narendra modi didn t mention pakistan, but he didn t need to. the intended recipients will get...
modi in dubai dubai must have cheered this laudly ater long time..since temdulkar storm..modi modi
modi did visit the labour camps. that sends a strong message. did you etongueect him to sit on a dharna then?
this is our namo .have u seen such a pm in your lifetime.i bet noooooooo na mo rocks in dubai
crowd goes crazy , just 2 listen na mo rocks in dubai
adarsh liberals after modi ji s speech in dubai
this is by far the most fruitful visit of pm modi of all of the visits to different countries. i appreciate him for he came to uae.
everything is happening for the first time in india since independence.
even the modi haters baiters cant deny the goodwill he s generating. whethr they can appreciate him or not remains the question modi in dubai
4.5 lakh crore investment from uae will come to india modi
modi in dubai thundering ovation and speech going on by modi in uae stadium !!!
u have been the most staunch critic of this gov and modi, could you please write an article y it is so?
we tried to bridge the gap between saarc nations. but some people feel pained at this modi in dubai
sardasai won t dare to be at place where modi is. understands it very well the charm and following for modi.
the day all of us respect our own pm and not find unnecessary faults to gain tweet fav. modi in dubai
road map for akhand bharat laid...!!! namo in uae.
modi is worried about odisha. looks like he has seen what mohanty tweeted in 2012
pm modi in dubai hits out at pak for blocking saarc free trade
ok!
modi ji india of today is created by you after 26.05.2014.
but what will be said by those who know the facts about india.
modi in dubai today i came to know for whom tagore write the word adhinayak in ratragaan. the heart ruler.
modi rocks in dubai, people cheering with thunderous claps repeatedly.
modi in uae modi in dubai modi4secure india n amo
modi in dubai modi is talking about connecting india to the saarc region while domestic road connectivity is abmyssal. another vintage modism
basically namo is playing this game we loved on orkut many years ago.
sham us democracy refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo stwuk sham us democracy refuses to release
modi talking about humanism and wiping tears. i need a drink.i need to get stoned. enough tears here cause of you, no need to go to jaffna
what treaty? btw why is asfpa still on in north east . thx
modi in uae modi is world s best pm. those who hate modi r enemy of india.indian pm in uae after 1981. see
so humble of you sir! bjp has benefitted so much from 1992 amp 2002. the path of terror will never benefit anyone pm modi
modi in dubai for those who missed modi jis news in particular
dubai stadium swarmed by people for modis speech
after modi speech gets over,media will start taking his speech feed back from congress,jdu and rjd leaders like this!
modi addressing audience in sharjah stadium or as dawood calls it the office modi in dubai you know its true
you are with us or terrorism modi
namo laying rules of game with pakistan from uae.
modi is live on news channels from dubai.
, victim of indian sponsored terror for over 6 decades. modi in dubai
she blocks any n all who she thinks are modi supporters or anti cong either which way see. she is dead scared...
bhai phir chalu ho gaye. u cant resist anti modi bashing. its in your dna.
modi in dubai namo modi.....modi u are really awesome.......watching ur speech live.......awesome work done by you for bharat.....jai hind
modi aka show off addressing 50,000 people in uae.
but the pic said modi did this!!! i think u should retire from mainstream prematurely
why modi etonguelaining even small favor to any nation wd a such a big hype. c mn hv any heard frm any other world leader like.. modi in dubai
pm modi speaking about indias relationship with namo in dubai na mo in uae
live it took 34 years for an indian pm to come to uae, says modi via
. may be you forgetting her definition of abuse is saying nice things about modi or his govt
me too
modi at its best
feel proud on you mr. pm namo
.you are a true nationalist ,cares for every single indian on the globe modi in uae modi in dubai
modi should beam this speech in 3d to pakistan. modi in dubai
arabs treat pak as shit! lol modi knows this... recently uae had given pak ultimatum and pak morons talking abt islamic bum
speeches are the height of vagueness and ambiguity. modi in dubai people are stupid enough to buy those horribly loose lies!
we were successful in rejuvenating saarc pm modi in dubai
watching modi s speech.. and then congis say he dusnt speak... modi in dubai
modi addressing the crowds in dubai i see here before me a mini india
modi ministry proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai
everyone will have to decide whether they are with terrorism or against it pm narendra modi via
just for today references modi missed the entire foreign mention from 15th august speech.. he is extremely well planned
in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror prime minister narendra modi
everyone will have to decide whether they are with terrorism or against it pm narendra modi
there wasn t a single stand alone visit by any indian pm to sri lanka after rajiv gandhi ji, before my visit pm narendra modi
by media.. you mean ..
whatever way you look at it , temple in uae and declaration of it during modi s official visit is big big news temple in uae
modi mentioned assam and north east in his dubai speech speakers bundles of his concern towards this area and his dev. politics modi in dubai
bangla desh conflict is resolved by mms,modi is claiming his credit.he always try to denigrate earlier pms of the nation in
pm modi knows how to work a crowd. amazing energy. others wilting in the dubai heat!
tune to any news channel..
u can either b wth humanity or terrorism
only modi cn talk abt terrorism in front of 50,000 ppl dat also in a muslim country
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin prime minister narendra modi, with over one...
indian pm modi offers uae 1tn investment options tv9 part3
development is the need of the hour in east and north east india we are bolstering infrastructure in the region pm modi modi in dubai
because she hats modi
modi magic in modi in dubai read this tweet by
pm modi uae visit visited sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi
drmoopen hz donated 20 percent o hz wealth 4indian poor patients modi sud encourage dubai nri like him
looking at modi s determination to curb terrorism i m very sure he s going to shut down rss terror camps across india as
can t comment on what will happen. have to admire his work ethic and commitment and his desire to make a difference. s
summary of modi s speech
i am..amaazing
i am...awesome
i am...great
i am...the best
the end!
shame on influenced by modi n sangh.thnx for waking up those who still believes in achhe din ayenge.jo
modi, first pm in recent past who shares details of summit level agreements, diplomacy, ea in simple language.
modi.sir when the poverity remove in india?
with a million plus followers, pm modi is on linkedin top ceos list zipped news
nagaland was dealing with insurgency for a long time, recently a treaty was signed to ensure peace in north eastern region pm modi via ani
there wasn t a single stand alone visit by any indian pm to sri lanka after rajiv gandhi ji, before my visit pm narendra modi via ani news
modi now back to indian issues.......
i too love modi a lot.
pm modi u have helped maldives by sending drinking water through steamer and plane.
i just heard in ur dubai bhashan.
we r living in baroda
we want second green revolution in india pm modi in dubai
this is by far the most fruitful visit of pm modi of all of the visits to different countries. i appreciate him for he
just imagine the desperate look on pakistani faces when they compare narendra modi with nawaz sharif! modi in dubai
obviously modi is not doing some mind melding, we must be giving something in return. right? right?
god has some very special purpose for sending namo on earth! not only india he will change the world! modi in dubai
modi will have the best innings recorded this cricket stadium and it will be difficult to break modi in uae
we are thinking about rapid transportation system between saarc countries namo
and what r u comparing to??? congress or app??? first see what have the done??? n modi g doesnt showoff his deeds..
feeling proud on our pm modi. hope our friends in opposition should acknowledge it publicly as they do in private
best troll !!!
modi ji i req pls action stop tarriest attack in jammu amp kashmir . all indian lots hope with you sir . jai hind
if modi keeps uttering sava sau hindustani in his speeches for years 2 come, he will be best remembered 4 his birth control initiatives
shubhajitroy modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi ho, yeh samb
modi top priority should be to develop the eastern and north eastern parts of the country.
ktuae reporters pm modi speaking about indias relationship with namo in dubai na mo in uae
shubhajitroy modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi ho, yeh sa
wat about our retd def personnels?...
this is the power of ..add some burnol mr.isiqureshi
we need more development in east india pm modi in dubai
earlier was a platform of confrontation, now it s of development for mutual benefit, will give a satellite pm
in five years, every village of india will get electricity narendra modi
its mini world now.several non indians too can be seen.modi did not disappoint them. na mo rocks in dubai namo in dubai
why is modi so obsessed about i me myself all the time. does any statesman go on bragging about himself and denounces every body else?
there is an immediate possibility of 1 trillion dollars of investment in india, pm modi says the times of india
atmosphere was good amp the show looked amazing until modi opened his mouth. matlab bc kuch bhi ?
the military ignores obamas order to release shaker aamer fromguantnamo
... and don t forget to say namo three times ..
we work, not with arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development pm modi in dubai
but what will be said by those who know the facts about
narendra modi copying
live now watch pm speech here.
modi might speak a few things in the air, but finally feels good to see one of our leader who can stand tall and talk. modi in dubai
dude modi is a once in a life time political phenomenon... soak it up .. leave the crib and criticism for eternity smiley
modi sir is keeping an eye on every corner of the india. learn congress frm this..this might help u in next election somewhat. modi in dubai
my mom is visionary
when i ws learning stitching she wud insist that i buy only modi threads
unhe pata tha ye modi ek din modi da pm banega.
. well arnab has only conceded that he is a modi chamcha.!
will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents cong to modi outlook wires
nice guy don t attend namo rallies. namo is your pm but their enemy
nise modi sar is great
who will have got more mirchi tonight after modi speech today, sickulars or pakistan? practically no difference between two. modi in dubai
bangladesh central asian countries t islamic modi will do events just 2 be seen on tv amp nothing happend b4 2014
after modi speech gets over,media will start taking his speech feed back from congress,jdu and rjd leaders like this! htt
promises are meant to be not kept nothing new modi is doing new and moreover he is no pm he is more of foriegn affairs minister
your our only hope. modi also fooled us on jailing gandhi s....
does this also include parliamentary conflicts??
to those who said modi wave will die within a few months. i hope this event is a good reality check. modi in dubai
after pm modi s speech, pakistan has registered heavy demand for burnol.
something indian pm modi said from dubai about nepal today really struck a chord ... learn something from modi...
modi modi in dubai narendra modi now back to development north east amp eastern states .
why didn t we touch the ?full of possibilities. seeing 70,000 indians listening to modi is a grt sight. hope india benefits.
.u r blocked as our praising modi. if u start praising taliban amp dawood , she will let u read her gutter tweets
i hope now people got the answer why namo has not spoke about terrorism on 15th august..
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain strong friendship with our neighbours pm modi
really great atmosphere in uae for modi. modi in uae
pbn nepal shubhajitroy modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi h
i wish some see the writing on the wall modi in dubai
modi in uae live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says pm
ji started from where left in sharjaha against australia
but modi was cm ... what is priyanka s claim to fame? married to a land grabber?
pbn nepal ktuae reporters pm modi speaking about indias relationship with namo in dubai na mo in uae
pbn nepal shubhajitroy modi within hours of quake, india went to nepal and are still working. nepal dukhi ho aur hum sukhi
are are are are aaj to modi ji ne seculars pe chautarfa hamla kar diya..bass sir kuch candle march k lia zinda chor de modi in dubai
is modi visiting oman? after namo reversed is oman.
modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not pakistan.
as a i thought is back in to meet n modi in uae
obviously. next election in east modi top priority should be to develop the eastern and north eastern parts of the country.
ek latthi do saap!!!!
this speech of modi is definitely way more aggressive than the one at madison square. modi in dubai
when ask to little kid of 2.5 yrs old ke kaun bol rha hai, he said modi in dubai
shocking response on temple construction announcement in dubai by narendra modi via
ofcourse we know that owaisi, iuml s voters wont go there. i dont think modi has gone there to address them
ha ha! while bsf is busy firing at terrorists at the j amp k border.
the reason libtards cringe is they feel modi should crawl in front of the sheikh, where crawling is iftar tope pray oxford english
if all are allowed to vote, will win for next 3 elections. such is the charm and impact of this man.
modi repeats his i day promise of giving electricity to all in 5 years.
if india has leaders like modi ji than i am proud to be an
indian
why pm modi always in election campaign mode ??
today it is a hot summer week day when indian pm modi is in dubai... and the same time an
why mr modi humiliated prev pms in germany, canada, japan, china amp now in uae?
is it really a kind of ?
namo is fearless. he has talked everything in great detail. he is speaking his heart out.
marhaba modi. watching namo live from dubai. modi woos dubai. salute to you for getting land for temple in uae.
modi in dubai modi is roaring at dubai stadium.. m sure by the time he will leave dubai, dubai will be mesmerized by modi
by bhakts i meant modi s blind followers on twitter
sif creating awareness about law misuse across the globe.
namo in dubai. sif in dubai
actually modi is very capable of boosting the indian economy.
when modi is in power, presstitutes, and...
modi should so totally do theatre. wasting his talent in politics man. world class drama at with modi in dubai.
now indian media will call this man a communal man because he just praised namo !
hereby modi ji declared the all time top scorer in dubai international cricket stadium. modi in dubai
modi s speech tonight is really good. nri crowds impressed, that is what matters. waiting to see what faults msm finds. modi in dubai
extracting 75b investment pledge by uae with no timeline too early to celebrate, no one know status of japan 35b china 20b pledge
agreed. too often the problem with the indian left. stress more on pending responsibilities, if you must.
the best comes out of modi when he is on foreign soil.
modi just said pakistan is our neighbor.
modi in uae modi in dubai modi4secure india
in his dubai speech, modi highlights strong significance of recent signing of transport agreement between bangladesh bhutan india and nepal
even after visiting 25 countries in one year, modi failed to beat mms track record on fdi.
isn t modi ji becoming a global leader?
image of india is changing.
leadership can change everything.
modi in dubai violence not a solution , solutions are worked out only through dialogue at a table pm modi
modi promises 24 hours electricity all over india in 5 years ... very good promise
yaar everything is fine, modi is great amp we all love him but please stop these burnol jokes, it has become tooooo boring now modi in dubai
modi s foreign visits has always given us some important breakthroughs in each tour.but presstitutes n sickulars see his suits modi in dubai
good terror, bad terror, this won t work 5 quotes from pm speech a frenzied crowd chanted modi, modi as th...
never see such madness for another country s wat a gigantic crowd in uae to welcome
haan... par free wifi me problem h
marketing
modi gave us freedom in 1947 we forgot oops
india inc hails pm narendra modi s thrust on agri production, startups economic times
its mini world now.several non indians too can be seen.modi did not disappoint them. na mo rocks in dubai namo in dubai s
feel the tone of narendra modi s speech at dubai.
i could feel the beginning of the end of the terrorism.
i...
absolutely.... and poor ashutosh 82b thinks namo is referring to his much ignored boss overseas too!
more than 700 flights come to dubai every week. but it took an indian pm to come here after 34 years pm modi at marhaba na
pm modi disappoints supporters with low key speech newdelhi,dl via yahoo
we work,not with an arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone toward development pm modi
india nation need more people like modi ji
modi fully using platform to propagate his good work. good tactic
in dubai !!!
modi is trying to make good relationship with the world..!!!
which is never done by sonia and son !!!
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights times of india times of indiapm modi s dubai speech ke...
modi misused soil,spit venom against pakistan.it was dr gargash threat materializing for not joining yemen war
haha....rofllllll
pic from redfort, yesterday
our effort has been to take india to new heights of progress and maintain a strong friendship with our neighbouring coun
modi spoke on providing electricity in ne. that means he supports big dams. but his party came to power by opposing big dams
this speech must feel like a speed boxing bag for pakistan. modi trolling pakistan big time.
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights wonderful fact based speech ..
is there any limit to his nonsense??
samjhne wale samjh jaenge modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not pakistan.
we work,not with an arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development pm modi in dubai
my dream is to arrange 24x7 electricity in every nook n corner of d country, says pm modi while adressing a mssive indian crown in uae
pm modi says we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development modi in dubai
today namo pushed chor congress 50 years back...congress need one modi for survival... namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
aus homtur voice modi presents 1 trillion investment opportunites ... to regulations and the business env...
modis strategic checkmate dawoods assets to seized modi in uae
nagaland treaty is a matter of life amp death for someone settled in uae..
anand sharma first u show your dignity in sansad then u talk about modi the lion
modi modi in dubai narendra modi now talking about 24 7 electricity in 5 years .
pm modi says india to launch satellite for saarc nations next year modi in dubai
modi s speech must be music to your ears he loves your sector amp bijli is 1000 volts in his speeches!!
india inc hails pm modi s emphasis on agriculture, start ups, social security
..over a period of 3 years am sure modi ji will deliver
modi has become first pm to condemn its predecessors.very unfortunte.
narendra modi is also a hardcore troller. trolling at its best modi in dubai
modi in dubai no one loves in dubai. if they, they would have written narendra modi with placards in the stadium.
say thanks to saabir ali !!
barak obama stop this .
i m losing followers yar !
pak we tried hard ! he s unstoppable
modi can use caps while talking.
perfect modi to drive through indian energy reforms
namo is bringing huge investment of 4.5 lac crore, this wil really help our economy to grow.
seems modi dont have majority in
anyone? what was the distance between uae prince amp modi s room!?
modi our effort take india new hight. yes they give to bhakat chadi amp cow urine for drink. kana get gold from gober. people start radhe maa
humility and modi do not go together like oil and water do not go together. what a shame!
this man is rocking the world. namo roars in uae
they start rejoicing even when soldiers die coz they get an opportunity to abuse modi. extremely sad scenario.
non stop modi
80 minutes on independence day, 50 mins amp on in dubai! modi knows how to etongueloit freedom of speech modi in dubai
the reason libtards cringe is they feel modi should crawl in front of the sheikh, where crawling is iftar tope pray
the answer to 1 question will decide modi s fate did he deliver on his promises? atleast some promises that matter to the common man?
modi always rock the stage... happy to hear about uae investing in india.... looking forward for a brighter economy smiley namo in dubai
modi talks about opening of bank accounts, insurance for the poor.
modi spoke on providing electricity in ne. that means he supports big dams. but his party came to power by opposing big da
modi if can t assert must resign now. from namo it should be nomo now.
modi did the sachin today ! modi in dubai desert storm
modi says naujaavano ko rozgaar miley... everyone starts staring at me..
me haan haan... piss off!
america has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but congress and nitish still so angry and unable to let go of hate
lol. someone is butt hurt because of spam modi s visit.
namo super trolling pakis without naming them...hahaha loving it modi in dubai modi in uae
please dont come across as anit national in a bid to be anti modi. stop insulting nri s. they are your own.
sir pls tweet any anti modi bashing. anything other than that won t look nice from u.
modi is lettng go in dubai since the nationalist spirit is kindled seeing the huge turnut modi in dubai .namo is true indian
india facing terrorist problems after great indira,now 1st aawtar namo,who taking decision good 4 india.sonia rahul pls keep mum 4 bharatmat
if you have a powerful voice and want to learn the nuances of intonation in public speaking, you absolutely must study modis speeches.
crazy hysteria. it s almost as if modi has conquered uae and the emaratis. are loving it tongue
plz let me know how can i attend the bay area gathering of sfo ... i want to see mr modi.. kindly help
got 50,000 crowd in dubai too 2 minutes silence for people calling paid crowd or media driven popularity
waiting for arvind kejriwal to allege na mo that he purposefully went to dubai so that he should avoid a birthday gift
please mention sponsored
fortunate to be having a true statesman at the helm who makes us proud to be indian. never stop, pm modi...
you may be a fake colonel trying to forment trouble in india. you can be hauled for this. no anti modi media reported this.
we work,not with an arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone toward development pm modi ht
if only they would understand !alas !!
best modi speech ever probably only because of incessant direct indirect bitch slapping of pakistan. modi in dubai
hillary no friend of india ordered failed secret searches for mass graves to embarrass modi. khalistan mischief too. htt
modi our effort take india new hight. yes they give to bhakat chadi amp cow urine for drink. kana get gold from gober. peop
modi is perfectly selling his game plans for next 15 years. modi in dubai
marhaba namo modi rocks more power to you
modi uae will invest 4.5l cr. in india.
this amount worth, congress can steal in a scam easily in a year...
what modi sarkar did in 1 year, its accomplishments r inevitable and yet critics don t leave an opportunity to poke him.
subtlety is the key to being a great troll..who knows better but modi..
uae plans to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india, pm modi says. modi in dubai
rw can complain, that namo repeats his plans and schemes. but its very imp he does that, else msm and seculars will drown the ideas.
aa ptards reaction after listening modi ji speech smiley modi in dubai
modi truly arrives as a global leader against terrorism !
now the only neighbouring country modi failed to mention is burma and its capital naypyidaw. modi in dubai
hahaha. but the bhakts in dubai are chanting amp dancing to his tune in the stadium
there is a scheme in which a person has to deposit re 1 per month. that person will get rs 2 lakh insurance modi
hamid karzai soon will be eliminated , he is literally sucking modi s .
feeling proud abt his drama. ??
just two days back in i day speech modi ji said that ek saal ke under har village mein light pahuch jayegi, today he said it ll take 5yrs
modi talk about bbin which will exclude problematic pakistan and join rest of saarc with asean modi in dubai
do you knw all gujju muslims voted modi. so please come out of phobia.
centre piece of namo s manifesto 24x7 power he proudly mentions it as no doubt it will be done with ji leading. modiin dubai
leaving modi aside..you reckon only the film industry has rockstars? and anyone doing any good in any field isn t one?
modikissgives a perfect speech,acts amazingly opposition but wo jo modi ne 3rd minute me 4th word bola,wo sahi nai tha. outra
modi in dubai namo is now addressing biharis from uae. uncle should register a complaint with election commission of india smiley
when i sold tea, i didn t even get one rupee per day narendra modi
india is charged up... surge ahead to become a superpower. the super charger is modi.. no doubt about it.
you love him or hate him,but you cant ignore him. as usual modi rocks ! modi rocks in dubai modi in dubai
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights times of india all the news
good on you mr kohl to come on ndtv to give mouth full 2 anti modi journalist of this channel who r sold out
modi in dubai first time i could witness the speech of any pm of india with so much confidence amp authority! every reason to salute namo.
modi s madison moment but missing in action na mo rocks in dubai modi in dubai
rahul gandhi and ferziwal see where you stand against modi modi in dubai
modi now talks about schemes for poor.
n amo modi4secure india modi in dubai modi in uae
the new call from for start up , a step in the right direction ...
no one trolls like modi !!
no one, literally no one swags like modi. modi in dubai
stroke of genius modi s reach to keralites via uae!
modi announces uae crown prince has given land to build a hindu temple in dubai and pledged an investment of 4.5 lakh crore in india.
every foreign country visit of modi increasing the proud amp power india
she once called him a pseudo hindu , but uma bharati now wants to pen a book on pm modi
jumla spotted.
modi in uae modi in dubai na mo in dubai
modi is more than a rockstar
the main problem is in assam, it has gone to the point of no return what namo is trying to do is to
our insurance scheme is as affordable as rs 1 per month pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
modi in dubai the modi magic continues!!! amazing connect with the people with his exuberant oratory skills!
world leader modi !
we opened bank accounts for poor pm modi in dubai
strong message for pakistan amp saarc from pm modi. road connectivity project between bhutan bangladesh nepal amp india modi in dubai na mo in uae
guess who was at pm modi,now at .capping daeveka s bday with speech,room service
good one election bihar mein hai. par modi campaigning in kerala. tongue
this must be new to arabs people gathering in such large numbers cheering a leader
namo promises 24 x7 power supply to india. that is possible when mother son become powerless india will become powerful.44 to zero.
you , who had done nothing for the wound inflicted by ur past presidents of party amp now blaming modi shows ur diwalia thought
namo thrashed pak without even naming it once. loud cheers! modi in dubai
modi s foreign visits has always given us some important breakthroughs in each tour.but presstitutes n sickulars see his suits
up with 2g and 73 modi..
nagaland treaty is a matter of life amp death for someone settled in uae
zee subhash ji you have rightly hoped oppositiong enblock will acknowledge modi has made us proud
narendra modi at his best to give back to pak ....good
super speech of our brave pm modi ji
is it just me or modi really got bald a bit more?
we
modi speech is fantastic in dubai
modi in dubai india can never be happy seeing it s neighbor country in pain pm modi mentions how india stood up 2 support it s neighbors
apne chaddi me burnol laga le , ab har bar aisa hee hoga. modi is going to build india unlike ur g family who devided n sold india
he modi is the greatest event manager that free india has ever seen tom vadakkan, congress modi in uae kuch naya hai toh bol
is a waste pm to india. he cn mesmerise wth his words bt no action. first failure pm to india is modi.
we opened bank accounts for poor pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next 5 yrs pm modi in dubai
modi somehow managed into his speech
a pleasure to hear you mr narendra modi....bow to you
just two days back in i day speech modi ji said that ek saal ke under har village mein light pahuch jayegi, today he s
media can whine all life whether what modi said is right or not. meanwhile pm modi stands tall and delivers the right. modi in dubai
whenever i hear namo talking i feel pity for mani shankar aiyer
greatest achievement of indian pm is getting permission for a temple in uae! priorities!
modi in dubai namo is now addressing biharis from uae. uncle should register a complaint with election comm
modi now blabbering about schemes. still can t woo indians in dubai. modi in dubai
this pm is washing his own linen in public. but if another person comes amp washes d same where modi will hide his face
are no fools,they know is real while is poor noor of eyes of his mummy alone
this is a very nice speech great moment for modi
is this really a kind of ?
recalls his time of chai selling modi in dubai marhaba namo namo in dubai
international world sees modi as a stand up comedian, entertaining people. modi in dubai
heavy rain in vasant kunj area disrupted sky and airtel reception of ch .missing modi s address.
go to ftii.. or national school of drama
plz let me know how can i attend the bay area gathering of sfo of 27 sep ... i want to see mr modi.. kindly help
but trp came with modi
it takes 18 hours to reach but 9 p ms including have visited . this and all we asked ah modi in dubai
nation wants to know is feel happy by making people unhappy.?
ask the to go there and say it.
low blow. what does she etongueect? such gestures not be acknowledged and appreciated? should be pocketed as birthright?
mr. modi knows the mantra how to catch the attention of the audience. he is doing well internationally. he has grt. popularity in the world
thousands of muslims are present in dubai stadium to listen modi and cheering every agenda put in by him.
modi ji openes a factory of helium
i sense an aptitude test type question here.
its modi cassette.which is repeated again in dubai.
very good points by modi .sending strong signals to everyone ,from kashmiri separatists to every indian
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance pm modi in dubai
modi and his speech.
tendulkar ruled the sharjah cricket ground in the 90s
and today modi is ruling the dubai cricket ground! modi in dubai
srk to file copyright petition against modi on 70 minute hain aapke pass. 70 minute
i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next 5 yrs pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
what modi ji has done with pakistan without naming a single time..
modi still needs majority in modi in dubai
pm modi s excellent message in uae 125 crore indians not a market, but a source of power .
it feels that modi is speaking in bihar assembly polls.
watching narendra modi at dubai sports city international cricket stadium
most importantly there are coming elections in 2015, 2016
this is what modi ji did to pakistan, , amp adarsh liberals
no work no pay supreme cou , narendra modi government of india, pronob mukherjee president of in... via
our insurance scheme is as affordable as rs 1 per month pm modi in dubai
so what if constitution of india does not support or promote any particular religion. modi in uae
even the modi haters baiters cant deny the goodwill he s generating. whethr they can appreciate him or not remains the quest
modi in dubai historical speech on current affair by !
modi made it man .... accept it with whole heart.... for this country.... called .. bharat
he is sooooooooo stupid omg !!!! if modi is stupid. what about other two in pic. ?
..wetting under your pants as modi speaks.
modiin dubai
ghomakkad modi visits 25 countries in 15 months
namo speech getting into election style in dubai
well said taufil sir.thats modi strength.
listen pa
huge crowds gather at dubai cricket stadium to hear modi
it s better idea but... bank officials have to co operate with this plan...
modi ji are you also accusing atal ji then??
thank god is broadcasting from
manyheads of state even makeerror while reading speech modi is defining hisownstyle accept it now
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
sick of people tweeting and accusing modi about issues like flooding of roads and stuff. whilst they are imp issues,
lmpe narendra modi clears indias terrorism stand in uae joint statement the countries call for bringing perp...
i will ensure electricity in every part of the india in the next 5 yrs pm modi
y ts govt n kcr diluted note4vote case?? big shame on kcr. ppl hv lost trust. kcr n modi also suprts corptn. emp cn do corrptn at their conv
bewakoofon taj mahal kyu jate hain vip ! architecture marvel ,so abu dhabhi mosque ,y try to speculate on modi visit !
3novices in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror prime minister narendra modi didn t
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai india news ndtv achedinaanewale
modi s speech without reference to his tea connection is as incomplete as tea without sugar.
modi said india was proud of etongueatriate indians settled and working in the uae
hahaha good one!
sir tusi great ho each n every dispute difference resolved through ultimate talk on table.modi alwsys
shh. atlas jerked might hear you. unfortunately for him, modi is now in his territory.
modi in dubai once a congress leader said modi ko india ke bahar janta kaun hai...he said look this.
connecting india one speech at a time. modi magic modi rocks
that means modi given another to the countrymens ??
comedy nights with modi
for sure we remember how nepal and myanmar snubbed india big time after the chest thumping stunts by modi govt. continues bragging in dubai.
me jb chai bechta tha tb 1 rs b nai milta tha ..a very humble statement by hnbl pm modi.dis shows his dwn 2 earth personality
. hmm hope for this to turn in to reality... with modi in our house this is possible..... thats my faith on him
timesofindia we sent drinking water to maldives through flights pm modi in dubai
crack down on veterans is slowly infuriating strong namo supporters. this is definitely not the way how these fellows r treated.
america has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but congress and nitish still so angry and unable to let g
now u know why modi was silent. he wanted voters to respond to negative campaign. now, tweets on mp local election win...
always fell good when modi ji use bhaio or bhano words like swami vivakanand
rahul nid123 pm modi u have helped maldives by sending drinking water through steamer and plane.
we r
in his dubai speech, modi highlights strong significance of recent signing of transport agreement between bangladesh bhu
when modi ji says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai ...congress gets confused if he is talking abt pakistan or cong modi in dubai
forget about all rhetorics...modi is master communicator...uae debut is housefull. modi in dubai modi in uae
pm narendra modi speaking at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae
this.
us has given visa to modi. even dubai sheikh is hugging him. but congress and nitish still so angry and unable to let go of hate
we opened bank accounts for poor pm modi
watching modi speech live
modi is so loud over there in dubai about terrorism but the ground reality is that...
pm modi says more indians travel to amp from uae than any other country modi in dubai
pm modi condemns bomb blast outside lord brahma temple in bangkok
we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but we re going forward with it pm modi
what abt 2002 gujarat riot forgotten?
modi means marketing
since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi dimag lagao yojna...only for congressis. modi in dubai
modi talks about his time when he used to sell tea to compare costs of his insurance plans. seems like pre election days. 60 minutes now.
modi give your sister a jeevan beema yojana this rakhsa bandhan
modi is the first pm of india who is doing cheap publicity of his copied scheme on foreign land.
ji, we etongueect u to read nt only modi news but also news which falsifies ur wonder critics
modi is a hindu nationalist as he talks about rakhi modi in dubai
modi is disgusting. the most pompous amp obnoxious speech i have ever heard. insulting another country while being their gu
there is a war that makes us adore our conquerors and despise ourselves. namo in uae with huge crowd is one such example
brilliant suggestion
people here don t own umbrellas. really.
rss promoting good terrorism thats why nia decided not to challenge swami assemanand s bail plea
we are helping afghanistan to rise pm modi
the number of skull caps in a modi event is directly proportional to the percentage increase in sale and use of burnol tubes.
coz you are modi lover
after president ghani , modi says so. they have faith in pm nawaz, hope all 3 work together for peace
chumma chumma de dee.. chumma chumma de de chummaa..!!!
brilliant leadership.
now, modi started doing marketing... without mba.
surely needs to replace that traitors with some educated amp talented ones ...
since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi dimag lagao yojna...only for congr
oh my god..bakloli ki hadd hoti h..
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi modi in dubai
ur sense of region and religion both r terribly twisted. modi visited 5 more muslim countries before this visit
modi live at dubai cricket stadium
rahul gandhi swear on sonia and tell us honestly can you speak like modi in dubai indian and proud
modi in dubai rahul gandhi can t manage to get 1k people in rallies in india whereas modi attracts huge 40k in another country laughing
i m totally speechless on modi s take at uae today. he s way too amazing. blown awayyyyyyyy
global attraction towards india has increased narendra modi
does modi really believe that everybody else is a fool to believe all his lies and bluffs all the time!
marhaba namo if issues and things modi ji is talkn is waste for some people! thn trust me, u guys r totally waste! get a life
modi asking to give beema yojana to sisters on occasion of raksha bandhan ...
it shows our bharat tiger pm modi s super speech to guide the bharat
modi s speech tonight is really good. nri crowds impressed, that is what matters. waiting to see what faults msm find
bjp win in bihar would give certificate to anti muslim rantings of modi
the main problem with congress is they are not in power to do what does. that s so simle
ndtv we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but we re go
modi asks people to gift insurance to their sisters on rakshabandhan
i liked a video from women scolding modi
modi sir giving a opportunity to every indian to feel proud not even india amp abroad also
pm we need a second green revolution in . east india needs more development.
the main problem is in assam, it has gone to the point of no return what namo is trying to do
where are morons political pundits in modi s lingo who said modi will grapple with foreign policy?
i wonder how many sheet rahul gandhi would require for such a massive speech like modi... wink
women scolding modi via
it took 34 years for an indian pm to come to uae, says modi
others could hv come but last 10 yrs, no real pm, only a puppet .
example of modi s good terrorism
pm modi again takes a jibe at pak, talking about how saarc countries are cooperating but 1 country wants to oppose everyth
absolutely.
this is how bhakts and modi ji is looking like now laughing
he modi is the greatest event manager that free india has ever seen tom vadakkan, congress modi in uae ku
hahaha.. should have told your colleagues about this when they were busy maligning modi all these years.
who knows modi outside gujarat? rahul gandhi is all india leader congress in 2013 4. any comments now?
how can dynasty allow modi to sit in a chair prince got as birth right? try hard to throw him out by any meanssmiley
world s inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of development pm modi
just awsm speech modi rocks modi in dubai
p.m.sir you rocks the dubai and all uae. you are all time favourite p.m. or leader or modi
realised that was getting an upper hand , so he has used tour successfully to give a political speech. times now
this is what modi ji did to pakistan, , amp adarsh liberals modi in dubai
beat this one!
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi in dubai modi in uae best part i liked in speech. modi magic
will pm modi s uae visit reduce further hate against other countries? let s love and respect others.
seculars amp adarsh liberals reaction after narendra modi ji visited sheikh zayed mosque in dubai...!!
thanks to upa amp dr. singh which modi opposed in his election speech
significant part of modi s speech directed at pakistan. many references to saarc countries. modi in uae
modi is good in outskirts of india...
modi is not a person who will back track frm commitments as its a prestige iss 4 him. implement it though it will take some time
my mother s already said look at how hard modi works at his age and look at you.
if somebody shits in india, some bharatwasi in dubai flushes the toilet!!
are you watching namo in dubai?
lol.. my sister may gift me tat..
true success springs when modi gets help from uae to nail dawood.
modi in uae now its uae s turn to listen namo mantra
too good ! modi in dubai
there are some idiots who keep crying for wetting their pants whenever modi speaks some r journo, some r pol
pm modi when i used to sell tea! tea wasn t even sold for 1! modi in uae crowd roars modi speech
can t imagine rahul gandhi as pm in place of modi after watching modi in dubai
world s inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of develop
watching namo in dubai speech he s awsome
fours and sixes in dubai cricket stadium, namo roaring and bharat will win for sure marhaba namo
narendra modi clears indias terrorism stand in uae joint statement
modi says how he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we don t get tea for re 1
this is why modi is different from a average person....
make no mistake, ground is being prepared. i don t know for what, but if i was isi i would be getting ready.
but why do you hate modi???
feels like a cricketer at 99 runs not out... reception thanks
where is my namo?
modi sells insurance scheme best way at uae. says do 600 deposit in bank, just interest 12 would serve your sister insurance every year
modi in dubai modi is really over speech, nothing happening in real life, fakepromise modi
modi ji no one in saarc wants to talk to you
hats off namo. it takes courage to stand up as a pm and refer to your life as a tea seller. salute
my answer to is orop promise another political jumla fake by narendra modi creating frustration in veteran
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it, says modi. .
rw can complain, that namo repeats his plans and schemes. but its very imp he does that, else msm and seculars will drown t
scared to imagine india without namo.
world s best insurance salesman shri narendra modi, prime minister of india.
magic just keeping d crowd spell bound modi in dubai
cant miss visuals of bohra muslims at each and every modi event. true followers.. commendable.
translation for india
whether you are with rss or against it.
india today group should not admire or praise modi amp his govt for only sake of trp s... learn something from ndtv
modi should now visit pope in vatican city in order to maintain secular fabric of the world. smiley
presstitude kijuwani
gobar ke laddu khilav,selebraties of press,times now. sakshat hindu hriday samrat namo.
fiberals are educated enough to understand the feat modi has achieved internationally. but their ego amp hatred holds them back.
hitting hard on terrorism. namo s magnetic power will definitely attract huge development in coming days namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
modi ji not stand up against curreption,not start up sarkar.
he is a man of his word... salute to you sir
c mon adarsh liberals. he s thrown you a bone. attack the patriarchy
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy for just rs. 12 per year narendra modi modi in uae
after so many days.. watching modi live, even on live streaming is worth living an indian life. modi in dubai
modi stupid is selfie maker not sheikhs.
ofcourse a thick head is heading reuters india
what else wud do u visit in a muslim country?
first time u used pm instead modi . what happened ? ethics remembered
all mallus now would be chanting modi cheta hai hai
screenshot of pm modi during live speech in dubai
. modi is one of the best pm.
give insurance cover for raksha bandhan na mo ability of bringing together tradition amp social reform schemes is just amazing!! modi in dubai
can i dare anger you! ? phamily phirst. namo second!
except pakistan , modi has taken all the names of neighbouring countries and trolled pakistan mostly modi in dubai
har har mahadev modi roaring in dubai opposition crying in india modi in dubai
real issues...but moron bhakts will get orgasm over jumlas modi in dubai
east or west is the best.. proud calling you my pm .
pm modi asks people to gift insurance to their sisters on rakshabandhan modi in uae
ur concerns r addressed. how uniquely modi is selling the insurance scheme and jdy
modi in dubai just a reminder that modi is a rss product...
hahahahah awesomeee! laughing
modi ji is so kind hearted
looks like is going head to head with kim jong un for the propaganda contest and so far modi looks the clear favourite.
no they are not all modi ordered godra
whys modi all mein mein mein mein mein i think he s loosin base big time! just count the no of times he said mein
live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi hindustan times hindustan timeslive it took ...
watching, hearing modi ji in dubai overseas is not less than watching a cricket,fifa world cup final..tr
pm address the indian community in
acronym of modi
m. motivating
o. our
d. development
i. internationally
latest live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi hindustan times hindusta... indian news
once a leader said modi ko gujrat ke bahar janta kaun hai..he should look cricket stadium.
we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but we re going forward with it pm modi modi in dubai
modi is here to stay... nobody can challenge him till 2024..... he is rockstar pm.
lets hope for villages n small towns ! i guess up wont be part of india then time modi in dubai
modi uae visit planned months ago. fine job by ajit doval for coordinating raw amp mossad to corner dawood ibrahim
why is modi so obsessed about i me myself all the time. does any statesman go on bragging about himself and denounc
the mosque welcomed namo with chants n he was not there to please fakes like u, just see public response n hang ur head in shame
don t listen to namo, giving pm jeevan jyoti yojna to your sister on rakhshabndhan is actually a stunt.
modi in dubai modi in uae modi touched a chord in the hearts of all indians in dubai through rakhi, the symbol o bond of love
gift jeevan suraksha yojna to your sister on this raksha bandhan . appeals to people. modi in dubai
modi has become first pm to condemn its predecessors in aforeign land.very unfortunte.
congress thinks if modi is let to do work ,career of pappu is finished for ever.better 2 oppose early.
either you support modi or you should start training your brain.
take you eyes of gujarati thali or modi s suit you will see a strong resurgent india.
this is how helpless the entire opposition and modi haters must be feeling modi in dubai
absolutely.... and sheikh modi too
1 do you approve the job modi is doing as a prime minister?
yes
no
no opinion
y is modi narrating his achievements in foreign soil? to ward of declining popularity in india?aimed at domestic consumption?
development pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin economic times pm nar... economy
wrong ...only and only he knows it...
beautiful.
this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm modi in dubai
evry week 700 flights go 4m india to uae amp it took 34yrs for indian pm to visit that nation narendra modi na mo
meanwhile pappu is saving india amp indians from modi by taking a double dose of drugs amp planning his next holiday!! mahraba na mo
modi visited abu dhabi, dubai but ignored ajman, uaq, rak, fujairah and al ain, ignoring minorities everywhere?
manish tewari has already started complaining.
yuk!
there were no bank accounts or insurance schemes for indians before jan dhan yojana modi in dubai
interesting times
amazing head presence in uae is just another instance of modi s popularity. modi in dubai
the only neighboring nation hasn t directly addressed is samajhdar ko ishara kaafi hai this is not appreciated sir
2 economic development under modi lead nda government
modi effect 4lakh fall in merit cum means minority scholarships
what modi said about rajdeep modi in dubai
tet infotech pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin pm modi, with over one million followers, f...
credit doesn t goes to , but to shift in me policy after pakistan refusal to send troops in ht
india has launched an online platform madad for all nris narendra modi
mr. watch out speech in dubai ..modi modi chants by true seculars ...dum dekh liya ya jab 4 par aaoge tabhi manoge
rahul sir modi jee is coming tomorrow in ara i m trying hard to get a pass,dying to see him closely believe or go through my tl
u need to be human to understand namo
what a sham is us democracy that refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo
spitting venom against pak from dubai stadium, unheard in diplomacy. own channels clueless on development
doesn t modi feel one ounce of shame talking about terrorism in dubai, while completely disregarding ex servicemen who fought terrorism?orop
ppl! modi is back with a bang! modi in dubai
the way modi is bragging about himself gives a message that he is one man army of india. modi in dubai
watching narendra modi at your home
etongueatriates are considering modi as india s pm, but modi treating them as bjp supporters! modi in dubai
after the great show by modi ji at dubai cricket stadium. pakistan team will be scared of playing cricket there.
crowd gathering fr an event may be entertainment value amp modi is entertainer don t know if he carries conviction
rahul gandhi reacting to the comment of modi ji modi in dubai
rana sagarika reaction after getting know that uae going to built temple on pm modi request. modi in uae
modi tells the world to take a stand on terror amp himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in one year. modi in dubai
it seems he might end up teaching a thing or two to the political pundits on foreign policy.
modi doesn t forget to mention about development of north east. hope to see it working.
for all bhai log out there....
congis will have to eat and drink burnol to heal the wounds after the uae visit of namo!
modi if you have complaints against embassy, consulate, then you can use the madad helpline.
do you know during godhara, modi just became cm a 3 months ago, how can yoi blame him?
moral of the story if you drink too much tea, you risk getting verbal diarrhoea like prime minister
and few min back was trolling modi grilling why is modi silent on pakistan. here you get reply prestitute
world s inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of de
meanwhile pappu is saving india amp indians from modi by taking a double dose of drugs amp planning his next holiday!! mahraba n
exactly...
modi in dubai watch narendra modi live speech here
and what r u comparing to??? congress or app??? first see what have the done??? n modi g doesnt show
respect!! the way in which modi government helped nepal in hour of need was a heroic act.
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin prime minister narendra
modi speech is impressive in dubai
yea toh susma swaraj jee ki dialog thi, is he stolen it?
pig in search of crap !!!
finds fault anything amp everything modi does
... pm modi live n wat a enthusiastic speech.... full of positivity
pm modi online platform called maddad to connect indian diaspora around the world
campaigning for 2019 through madad platform. nris to vote modi en masse. cong out of race
modi speaks with his one foot in delhi and the other in the country where he is speaking.
3 do you approve of how modi is handling the problems of indian farmers?
pm great speech... proud to have a leader like you... unpredictable energy...
financial inclusion is key to development. we opened bank accounts for the poor and unveiled insurance schemes pm modi modi in dubai
modi tells the world to take a stand on terror amp himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in o
only our pm
our objective has been to build strong friendship with our neighbouring countries amp take india to new heights
har har modi ghar ghar modi. what an awesome energy he got, amazing, down to earth person.
modi in dubai modi is utilizing indian embassies and consulates abroad very effectively !!
pm modi started e migrate portal to address problems of indian immigrants
yes modi and people in dubai don t want to name but stupid media people like u will... just to make masala news!!
that too with congies and pakies wink
2nd in 3 days....!!
90 minute carpet bombing on cheaters amp life time memorials for fans from namo.. jai hind ! !
congrats modi ji for targeting in 5 yrs what congress could not do in 50 yrs papu kuch sekho
when modi rules the world
some of the biggest crooks in the profession the presstitutes !!
the best scene in dubai sports stadium would be
dawood ibrahim watching modi ji s speech with cigarette.
we are very proud to get such a brave pm of bharat modi ji
today dawood will be traveling along with modi at delhi airport he shall be arrested good move no bloodshed
pm modi talks about schemes like madad and e migrate at the dubai cricket stadium. follow live updates here
online platform called maddad to connect indian diaspora around the world pm modi in dubai
4 how will you rate overall performance of modi sarkar so far?
very good
neither good nor bad
very bad
someone was saying more registrations than capacity...fir seats kyu ni bhari???
the dubai stadium has hosted 17 odis and 1 modi.
modi owns pakistan !
no idea what this is but i m hypnotized.
90 minute carpet bombing on cheaters amp life time memorials for fans from namo..
in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror prime minister narendra modi didn t mention pakistan, but
pm modi talks about schemes like madad and e migrate at the dubai cricket stadium. fol
i will not believe in this modi show if this ended without brought to you by wizcraft in association with manikchand pan ma
at uae ...after 36year indias pm ..going to uae ......
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai ..congress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or con
some ppl etongueect more in less time. their wish to gain more in less time is fulfilled by modi sir. modi in dubai modi magic
i know you have many complaints regarding embassy crowd answers no , it s good if you don t have any, but in case you have..pm modi
started e migrate portal to address problems of indian pm modi in dubai
kuch bhi modi ji india has been constantly helping afghanistan. after all, how can we forget kabuliwala pm modi in dubai
achcha am bored now. it s too long. end it now, modi ji.
i m not surprised modi portraying himself as bjp prime minister. forget about india. he should have canvassed for bihar
ndtv this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm
what a sham is us democracy that refuses to release shaker aamer from guantnamo stop the war coalition
great speech by our beloved p.m modi i feel proud to see our p.m in dubai
general qns how many roits happened in india after modi grab power how many punished
pm narendra modi speaking at dubai cricket stadium photo courtesy ani india tv
which insurance company? why govt cannot offer safe living? shocking?
objectives and bullet points must have been finalized by adarsh liberals for tomorrow s modi bashing. namo in dubai na mo in uae
modi modi in dubai narendra modi now talking about madat amp e migrate portal .
poor u n ur once banned by usa. come out of
modi message to pakistan? india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modi ... firstpost firstpostm...
every week, more than 700 flights land. it took 34 years for an indian pm. why 1 year for modi. why didn t he go on his 1st day?
it is sad that d media still think namo is interested in any development!
arvind kejriwal ji has also met sheikhs of uae..nd brought money for his party.. n this man modi bring investment for nation.
the tallest building in the world burj khalifa, dubai to be lit in colour of indian flag tringaa. feeling proud. namo
is this the pm of india talking or a frontline bjp leader on a campaign? no statesmanship or sense of the collective. only i
what about gujarat terror ? gujarat terror is bailed out by modi
valid point. don t know how successful modi will eventually turn out to be as the pm but definitely a good marketeer
when it comes to statesmanship, politicians from oxford and harvard are kids in front of modi. modi in dubai
we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm modi
great speech sir modi ji.i am sure as long as you are there every citizen of india is secure and india will achieve its dream modi in dubai
alealeale... modi says how he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we don t get tea for re 1.
and modi ji is also promoting..wink
honorable pm modi ji s visit to dubai.
1 . crown prince of dubai willing to invest rs4.5 lac crore in india.
i know you have many complaints regarding embassy crowd answers no , it s good if you don t have any, but in case you have
centre piece of namo s manifesto 24x7 power he proudly mentions it as no doubt it will be done with ji leadi
pm modi loses his amp mental balance amp when he goes abroad, says congress yahoo news india via
hanuman went to srilanka okay! thailand yake should go to thailand and checkout tongue
radhekrishna68 modi ji has guts....... standing in islamic country and cursing taliban and terrorism. loved it.......
modi announces uae crown prince has given land to build a hindu temple in dubai and pledged an investment of 4.5 lakh cror
modi is a leader cum marketeer cum motivator cum executor cum visionary all encapsulated into 1. namo in dubai lesson 4 all leaders
savitri4ever pak being trolled mercilessly by namo, without even being mentioned once by name... modiin dubai modi rocks dubai
for all bhai log out there.... modi in dubai
but we will anyway know that pakistan has come...
we opened bank accounts for poor pm namo modi in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
can only win you the seat of cm and eventually pm laughing
sir i etongueect your tweet regarding the modi speech. hope u understand hindi a bit since he is not fluent in urdu..
in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror prime minister narendra modi didn t mention pakistan, but he di...
follow back live pm modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against terrorism team follow back
good terror, bad terror, this won t work 5 quotes from pm speech a frenzied crowd chanted modi, modi as the prime minister delive...
5 do you think we have unrealistic etongueectations with modi government?
dont know cant say
live pm modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against terrorism prime minister na...
modi is back with his natural confidence and flawless speech
we have to credit modi. he did shun violence before coming to national mainstream..
outsourced to shah
obama s reaction on modi ji s speech modi in dubai
immediately needs a good speech writer. modi in dubai
modi haters watch and listens his speech very carefully and then tweet feku .. bhai bina sunae hi tweet kar diya karo jab yeahe likhna hai
modi is great and hats off to abu dhabi
wat a joke. in ur country u r abusing him . sala shame modi
world s inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of
will modi jii throw some light on samjhauta etongueress blast accused aseemanand?
trump vs modi. fight!
by hosting modi, uae has become kafir state. pakistan must start process to kick uae out from gulf amp declare them non islamic. modi in dubai
our objective has been to build strong friendship with our neighbouring countries amp take india to new heights ht
watching sir narendra modi speech live from dubai
lt iframe width 854 height 480 ...
remember this after 2019
modi haters being taken to tv sets to watch modi s address at dubai modi in dubai modi magic
being danish2 rahulkanwal rahul sir modi jee is coming tomorrow in ara i m trying hard to get a pass,dying to see
today, modi carried a cheat sheet and was reading from there. but the nationalist channels have objection only to rahu
anshulagarwal4 babu bhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul g
nittin rahul gandhi reacting to the comment of modi ji modi in dubai
modi makes every indian proud every indians
mahantesh p m babu bhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul ga
pm modi has mercilessly trolled amp attacked pakistan without naming it even once in his speech. epic! modi in dubai
gkbagati babu bhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi
modi becomes the second person on a cricket ground to be playing like...sachin sachin ...
true. msm dont even mention those schemes amp positive numbers. it s important that the message goes to people
inflation and kids growing up two things that can continue to shock people right throughout their lives.
uvs1989 babu bhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi d
if you have a powerful voice and want to learn the nuances of intonation in public speaking, you absolutely must study mod
after modi in power not a single riot happened in bjp ruled state, check facts.
modi in dubai portal madad help launched at ministry of external affairs or mea headquarters in delhi. pm modi mentions
demand of burnol increased suddenly as modi ji speech progress in . modiin dubai na mo rocks in dubai
it s not anger, it s jealousy! there s no medicine for it.
have instructed indian embassy in abu dhabi to resolve issues with e migrant system narendra modi
neoca babu bhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi dim
dushee79 babu bhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi
piyu909 babu bhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi d
yuvian97 babu bhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi
super.... stone cold stunner......rattle snake.....
insearchofguru babu bhaiyaa since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul g
modi s gifts are both
insurance and death .
pradhanmantri jeevan beema vyapam .
and 35 others retired o
am listening to hpm modi live ur new flashes on mobile app are provocative! media please report don t provoke
when pm modi doesn t visit a mosque, accuse him of communalism intolerance and when he does, opportunism.
who is he? marketeer? businessman? anti terrorism agent? humanities wellwisher?
great leader pm taking on odds from gulf modi in dubai
looks to me modi is using the dubai platform to give a report card speech to indians back home.
modi s speech was quite a deja vu for and modi in uae
i hope those who were complaining that modi didn t mention terrorism in the 15th aug speech are listening to him...
the supreme leader roaring ....... this will continue !!!!!!!!!!
in uae
one can feel the energy modi in dubai
the charisma that modi shares possibly by a very fewb global leaders!!!
modi in dubai modi is selling insurance rather than shame pak for killing 6 indians by pak on sat.if 2019 doesn t work out,there always lic
watching namo live in dubai !
in hind sight what do the proposers of no visa to modi now think? that is why he is roaming all world?
i know you have many complaints regarding embassy crowd answers no , it s good if you don t have any, but in case you h
breaking 45 eminent journalists write to supreme court to stop broadcast modi s speech amp it may impact on congress chances to reduce to 22
u get and publish mainly such news journalism of couragesmiley yes sir, journalism of courage!
about mr. modi wo vishva vijay abhiyaan par h
modi in dubai trending worldwide !! proud to be an indian !! we are lucky to have pm like modi
punch dialogue only!
feeling proud on our pm modi.
by hosting modi, uae has become kafir state. pakistan must start process to kick uae out from gulf amp declare them non
dear lady, name one secure and safe country where any other world leader is received the same way as modi is.
modi in dubai we work, not with arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development modi
i know you have many complaints regarding embassy crowd answers no , it s good if you don t have any, but in case you have pm modi
no pm ever can stand n deliver wid such persona n charishma ... long live modi long live india
help mr narendra modi in his dream of smart city
modi ji u r one man army modi in dubai
yes! abu dhabi knew about modi ji s visit 3 years ago only... lol..
modi s dubai speach....dubai is not the only audience. ..message is for the entire world of india s emerging super power stature. ..
provided neighbour is a nation with human soul.
after listening to modiji s speech in dubai,i can tell rest of the world,that i belong from a country where modi ji is our pm. modi in dubai
we have started e migrate portal to address the problems of indian immigrants pm modi modi in dubai
hahahahahahaha. most embarrassing moment of the tour. one embarrassing moment per tour is norm now.
breaking 45 eminent journalists write to supreme court to stop broadcast modi s speech amp it may impact on congress cha
pm modi a true patriot works relentlessly inspires fellow country men what a speech respect
a true global leader
strong . leads from d front
anybody needing ideas this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojna.contact mr modi
not trying to rain on his parade amp he s doing well, but this is how modi meets amp chants are choreographed.
narendra modi congress leaders combat today in an attraction. not a face look bcs table!
4.5lakh crore? lol dafuq is that amount
munwwar rana great but after that also thy thinks muslim are terrorists !way ? modi jee?
govt of india has launched an e migrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi modi in uae
modi talks about schemes like madad and e migrate at the dubai cricket stadium
for sure we remember how nepal and myanmar snubbed india big time after the chest thumping stunts by modi govt. continues
govt failed for women safety!!!
really,
every women must be insured!!!
cool wink
and best wishes for ur modi chaploosi
india developing in a rapid speed, states like maharashtra amp tamil nadu leads the nations development modi at dubai.
hope pm narendra modi s oratory skills set the standard for pms, cms and our politicians of the future. modi in dubai
yes, modi is responsible for all the unemployment and poverty. in congress rule all these people were working and extremely rich.
mr. narendra modi has to do something on the realistic ground...
modi in dubai modi has established himself as d face of south asia..
there are around 700 flights between uae amp india, but it took an indian pm 34 years to reach uae pm modi modi in uae
indian captain modi playing in dubai ground he come to near century what happens he make in india or not
with all his visits i can get that narendra modi had childhood ambition of becoming a traveller modi in dubai
she says you are modi bhakt so she blocked you
arnab is angery news rundown at newshour is sacrificed for modi speech
i liked a video from sushma swaraj statement in parliament on lalit modi issue news
you know for nris emergency number
government has launched madad amp e migrate portal to provide consular help to indians abroad modi in dubai
world s inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of development
pm modi
it has already been an hour and ppl are as cheerful as they were in the beginning...modi mania..
u never abused modi ji?
thadammm!!! u r qualified enough to get blocked!! v
joke of the day..
let them burn. let india be with modi and grow.
perfect msg for each modi baiter...
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi modi in dubai marhaba namo
may modi jii throw some light on maya kodnani s bail a convict in 2002riots?
watching live namo speech!!
namo is hitting fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium... marhaba namo modi in dubai feeling proud
tweet speaks fr itself ...modi rocks..amazing ability to connect imdtly..
i wonder why mr modi is holding a political procession in uae? luking 4 a paki jisko mirchi lagi?
swaminathan aiyar on land acquisition bill put his tail between his legs and fled
lol jingle bhi banaao modi ji this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance modi in dubai
modi ji please view on my problem i am chandrasekhar prasad from gujarat i belong from poor family i select in ongc for the post
pm modi s uae visit brings bure din for indian mafia dons in dubai has been published on
dubai in a major...
pm modi is giving the energetic speech but long way to go to make india superpower
awesome job na mo for and
socioeconomic schemes to protect poor from 2...
totally mesmerizing speech of na mo in dubai , first time i ve hearing the whole speech by any of political leader. chaa gaye modi in dubai
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai ..congress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or congress ???
the clown prince needs cheat sheet even for three monkeys, it is an honor for him to be spoken in the same vein as namo!
easier said than done.
sushma swaraj s response in the parliament when asked about her secret humanitarian efforts to help lalit modi.
repeat after me. modi has no influence outside gujarat.
modi s ministry lied in court told 25k children missing since 2013 instead of 85k. fined 25k by court. red fort speec
uae promises investment of 4.5 lakh crore in india.
thanks to the man with midas touch, narendra modi lt 3
see what the presence of modi does to people
policies eat non veg in but ban beef in
after listening to modiji s speech in dubai,i can tell rest of the world,that i belong from a country where modi ji is ou
i can see the reality...tht every modi bhakt started as devlpment torch bearer r nw reduced to mere communal agnt
modi have ordered embassy in uae to resolve technical issues reg e migrate within 30 days.
totd !!!
live show from dubai
pakistanis mocking namo, dude, when nawaz sharif speaks, even nawaz sharif doesn t listen.
and by the situation in india you can get the insured amount soon!
one day we will trend modi on mars hopefully that will be our last trend relating to modi. modi in dubai
if namo remains the pm for next 10 15 yrs it will happen.. and in your lifetime smiley
modi in dubai modi talks of taking india forward, infrastructure, satellites, good relations ... no secularism. thundering ovation
modi must be super annoying on facebook.
totally mesmerizing speech of na mo in dubai , first time i ve hearing the whole speech by any of political leader. chaa
we ve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm modi in dubai
i am bit of concern by modi speech on 15th august that show he is in pressure to deliver
ndtv we work,not with an arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development pm modi in dubai
no let him keep speaking. the more he speaks, the more he can be caught out
modi reading speech points from a piece of paper cheat. hope bhakts will bark today also. one fore points proved today.. modi can read ....
influencing speech technology, emphatic genuine personality. modi in dubai is just a initial stage of modi as world leader..
ndtv this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm modi in dubai
ndtv we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm modi
waiting for modi to anytime go kuch bhi ho.. furious 7 mein abu dhabi ka scene baap tha. !!
modi in dubai awesome speech !! this is what every indian needs...hail namo !!
oh my modi
said india was proud of etongueatriate indians settled and working in the uae
2 2 stands at sharjah cricket stadium then, and it s modi modi at dubai cricket stadium today.
say pm modi is doing diplomacy in uae but he is bringing back 4.5 lakh crores investment to...
modi is uniting indians all over the world modi in uae
even modi reads and deliver speech
bjp resides their supporters in uae since 10 yrs so dat dey can chant modi modi during modi visit to uae
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin...
i never knew this . i think most of us never this too . shame on our media
indian media sucks
by teaching history that says a plastic surgeon replaced the head of ganesha with an elephant s head modi in dubai
all sickulars crying at one place after listening pm modi in dubai !
modi s ideas r cool, but he shd put those in action too. then everybody will believe that this all can b possible modi in dubai
pm modi will set up counseling camp from time to time wherever indians live
modi makes every indian present in the stadium look like an idiot. the arabs must be laughing their oily asses off seeing such stupidity
watching modi speak live in dubai,uae...timesnow
is your show off? was waiting desperately for your analysis of modi speech...tmrw is too late
let the force flow across nepal, bangladesh, bhutan. modi is connecting a smaller asia via satellite. modi in dubai
where was modi speaking on 15th august?
after hearing ppl chatting modi modi in the grand mosque in uae modi in uae
india to set up counseling camps at indian dominated places in uae on regular intervals narendra modi
has modi forgotten that there is no election due in dubai?
modi condemns bangkok blast prime minister narendra modi on monday condemned the blast in bangkok which claim...
now u talk like bhakt.is it ur contention tht bjp including modi did not hype black money?did rajnath not mention 100 days?
wait! did modi actually say that when it rains in india ppl in uae open umbrella s??
now you wishes to bring fdi from uae
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ..??
jam packed stadium to listen to pm modi ji na mo in dubai
govt of india has launched an e migrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi modi in dubai
30 indian people live in uae .....thay support to pm modi and happy to meet him..
modiji!your shoulder to shoulder and step by step sync is best visible in with modi in dubai
retweeted dr. subhash chandra
feeling proud on our pm modi. hope our friends in opposition...
pm modi has mercilessly trolled amp attacked pakistan without naming pak even once in his speech.epic!
shame on uae giving up to modi s conspiracy
ugh ugh am busy with the malt that is single, no inclination to watch namo in horrorb or elsewhere
that s how modi brings investment to india.
one quote fits ,
empty vessels make the most sound .
in the total 6 lac villages 582000 got in inc govt but now it is 18000 left modi needs 3 yrs to complete it
modi speech is all over, not just in but in amp all.
u also acting like modi
sir gogoiji...no elextricity in gita nagar area since 9pm..and modi address almost over..at least give after that
so while modi ji was having bonhomie with sheikhs in dubai today, friend adani was signing a billion deal with ommen chandy in
modiji are you such a weak pm that while holding the topmost post of the country you have to talk of emergency? s
now watching narendra modi live speech. modi in dubai
there are around 700 flights between uae amp india, but it took an indian pm 34 years to reach uae pm modi modi in uae s
undoubtedly my father is huge fan of ji. he is watching namo s each amp every speech on television. currently modi in dubai .
ndtv we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of dev
dear . shift the venue of meeting elsewhere, lest chooses to come to amp people shout modi... modi
really appreciate your view on modi s visit with a link to isreal visit. he did it really smartly. nice analysis.
govt of india has launched an e migrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi india tv
pm modi will set up counseling camp regularly wherever indians live
gone r d days when ppl say india always falters against pak in sharjah, modi proves them wrong today modi in dubai
lmao ffs
still u had not learned, only blaming modi shows how much u r degraded amp jealous of modi ultimately u amp ur party will loose
if modi can do an obl on dawood, he d be a real rockstar politician overnight
samjhne wale samjh jaenge modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just n
uae raises gold import duty issue with india during pm modis visit august 18, 2015 at 03 50am
yeah modi modi m
for second year in row, modi mum on foreign policy
what a idea!!
wat say ?? wink
glittering speech modi sir
after atal behari vajpaye narendra modi is the best prime minister of india. nrisimha rao was also very good.
modi s speech tonight is really good. nri crowds impressed, that is what matters. waiting to see what faults msm finds.
compare mms with na mo
another sign of
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis and today hosted 1 mega odi modi . modi in dubai
this joker modi is a national shame. such a self obsessed lunatic.
modiin uae this speech is dubai is hard hitting on the most troublesome neighbor in north west. saan thekaane laavse modi
6200 cr see the link modi sbi chairman amp adani all together
top news on proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister n...
we ve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm modi in du
yes modi ji, you are right. blue collar workers in dubai need your support and help more than the non returning indians in countries like us
all qualities of a perfect leader gr8 namo
govt of india has launched an e migrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi
see with open eyes amp the change that modi is bringing is incomparable. reaching out to all frontiers
i wait for monday so eagerly for arnab .i returned home frmlingaraj temple amp its same boring modi bhaashan goin on.
soina rahul why are you watching pm modi speech. rahul mom even pogo channel telecasting modi speech. modi in dubai
with every speech that modi gives outside india i wonder what a waste of decade it was under congress rule!
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said indi...
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odi s and now 1 modi
bilkul hati chal raha hai which is pakistan. its only modi who is barking in a muslim country
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said ... via
modi speaks as he has solved every problem in india but on ground it still is a underdeveloped country
modi showering commitment amp vision to improve life of indians living in dubai...cricket stadium is full of claps and cheers
namo at dubai weak physically must take precautions congress power to corrupt extraordinary beware of dr s in delhi
why so upset as if modi tagged you?
follow me proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minis... follow back
on lighter note no mention of desert storm 1998 in modi s speech? disappointed.
and he cant score 2...
more the crowd more is the energy in the speech of pm modi
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said india is proud of etongueatriate indi...
everyone was like most educated and wise pm etc.. modi has diff political authority. vajpayee had novelty factor.
amen. lol.
fascist modi spreading hinduism by spreading talking about rakhi festival in arab land. modi in dubai
then sachin sand storm.
now modi s selfie storm. modi in uae
this is how narendra modi dragged pakistan in todays speech
if you have problems related to embassy, government has launched a platform called madad pm modi in dubai
pm modi will set up counseling camp from time to time wherever indians live modi in dubai
sir ji. porn sites are not banned yet!! infact modi ji has unblocked them!!!
this is how na mo rocks in dubai thru connecting amp soon rope in
and he will ensure that you can get the insured amount soon!
modi always love to take a dig at pakistan...
post modi in madison.., this is the most energetic speech by modi.. modi in dubai .
there is a narendra modi official app and it s trending on the app store. this guy thinks highly of himself but this is pushing it.
i repeat
urgent need of burnol for plz help modi ji
pm modi talks about schemes like madad and e migrate at the dubai cricket stadium
pm modi indian community welfare fund started to help indians under duress
i just heard in ur duba
modi making india international leader. leader of bhutan, nepal and the like. lol
modi have ordered embassy in uae to resolve technical issues reg e migrate within 30 days
live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, e migrate amp madad portal for indian migrants
forget filing an fir, modi govt hasn t even revoked vadra s vip privileges. modiji, aapka kya lagta hai woh?
i salute our national tiger mr narendra modi ji to rock the uae india uae
follow back proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai team follow back
modi modi in dubai narendra modi now talking about mobile councilling for workers .
this speech of modi is as beautiful as tendulkar s famous innings against australia in sharjah! namo in dubai
wtf!
i m not saying, the is saying that!
team follow back proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai follow back
icwwf fund has been announced by modi. modi in dubai
forgot modi pic wid aseemananda
guj hc acting chief j sahai if you raise this issue modi govt allotting plots to judges , many more scams will come h
can t u do normal journalism rather than passing judgement on modi.is this ur strategy to be in limelight
it s devolpment modi. dubai rock s with . modi in dubai
thank u sir 4 lot off love to our lovable modi...
watching marhba modi at dubai international cricket stadium
you start by accepting modi as your prophet and saviour
let s hope i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next 5 yrs pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
modi in dubai every ball is going to boundary but this time not the sachin but namo playing on front foot
hope u knw ur morning tweet regarding the silence by modi..
i guess self loathing. they know their own self are worth lesser than crap and to feel imp try to hypenate with namo
burnol and poison both are out of stock in india. how modi can be so cruel?
i think namo has created history mehraba namo amp now there will be a always namo.
6 which is the best scheme introduced by modi government
make in india
swachh bharat
jan dhan yojana
digital india
skill india
70,000 ppl hearing
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi ...
this and only this will be the plank for 2019. mark it.
only news channel to take back shot, saala baal pe focusva
motivational speech of respected narendra modi.in uae.gn.
and they won t understand modi in dubai
and you call pm modi a gaddar ?! shoo away morons! he s filled with ambitions and vision n the might to do everything possible for india
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin the economic times on mobile
in upa time 24.5 cr ac were opened and modi raj 17.5 cr in one year !
nice
with a crashing rupee,modi is a godsend for nir s and indians living abroad.
is it only me who thinks that either modi is too tired or high?
na mo rocks in dubai this is magic. this is not , this is , a true rockstar
uae hell for women, no rights, no freedom.
modi visits uae
uae heaven on earth.
weirdest pic of modi. can t stop laughing ! modi in dubai
narendra modi in congress of ji no match to face. therefore need intensive concern, congress.
indeed! never before has a pm instilled the indian pride in every indian as much as modi. none!
the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as an e migrant portal pm modi in dubai
orop is the demand of soldiers modi should not forget
world s inclination towards india has increased, we must take advantage of this and take our nation to new heights of deve
modi in dubai secular dogs have no answer for modi exceptional leadership..
yeah just look at me, i came to national mainstream so much that i became pm!
modi in uae modi has proved that u dont need to afraid to talk abt terrorism even in a muslim country.. bande mein dum hona chahiye
thanks for the live modi show me and my whol family watching together....... on z news
your channel is best of best...
ravi...
modi can use this aircraft to plunder round the world
modi is a performer n proved it in dubai too where congress pm didn t go he went n performed well on n off the stage to mass if not to class
no use
these useless dumb, brain deads, will do nothing
look at the faces of muslims in the stadium how happy they look to hear and see modi.
modi mode of developing india.
pm modi will set up counseling camps regularly wherever indians live
modi is man of the modified in world
lol..now we have some insurance etongueert on tl saying it is bad after modi promoting it... kejri ke chamche bhi raita failane lage.
big crowd in modi ceremony
kerala in pact with adani ports for rs 7,525 crore vizhinjam port project.why congress associates with modi s friend?
we are distressed at the use of power against veterans ex service chiefs write to pm modi on orop firstpost
today s speech of namo in uae is a tight slap on those who were saying modi a tourist, 2day he gave his report of what v gained frm his tours
modi in dubai must be giving pakistanis creeps
i think u don t like modi ji thats why u always thinks negative about him......soch badlo desh badalega
last portion of namo s speech was brought to you by lamo.
the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as an e migrant portal pm modi in du
namo just need guitar. he s already a rock star.
dear mr. modi, i want to retire.
get me some social security. please!
modi ji s hard work and policies to unite the friendly neighbours will bring peace to all
so while modi ji was having bonhomie with sheikhs in dubai today, friend adani was signing a billion deal with ommen chand
this year in forbes magazine modi might be under 5
such a huge crowd to listen modi in an islamic country. seculars do you need burnool. modi in dubai
now. im surprised....when modi went in maszidd
incredible crowd chanting modi
this speech of namo is as beautiful as tendulkar s famous innings against australia in sharjah 1998! namo in dubai
motivating speech by narendra modi sir y
now congress amp other will blam uae govt being communal for modi
we give up white flags
namo best troll ever
naturally... smiley
pm modi says started e migrate portal to address problems of indian immigrants modi in dubai
i m not surprised modi portraying himself as bjp prime minister. forget about india. he should have canvassed for biha
waiting for to tweet.
modi s speech is nothing new. this is exactly what upa did. shows some graphs
ultimate
awesome
excellent
form
there still is or was no modi wave. laughing
beshaq pak, china role in afghanistan n india wastege of billions on afghan shows the clear frustration of mad modi
glimpses of pictures as 50,000 crowd greets narendra chants marhaba modi modi in dubai modi magic modi in uae
what a speech of modi ji in dubai.. its awesome...
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ji ..??
india is not vain to be big it will rise from the east, says modi in dubai
modi modi in dubai narendra modi now talking about welfare fund .
modi thanks for allotting plot for temple modi in dubai temple in uae
icing on the cake if that happens!
modi ji is greatest pm evrr
no body...no body...trolls better than namo... ji guruji..shat shat naman.. modi in dubai
narendra modi , the best public speaker ever!!
drinking game
drink a shot whenever says bhaiyon aur beheno during his mahraba modi speech in dubai!
pm modi says online platform called maddad to connect indian diaspora around world modi in dubai
pm narendra has visited 25 countries in the last 15 months news gram
fund for people in jail? is modi rooting for criminals? tweets in sagarika series
if all the nris become a virtual nation, modi is their president for ever. luckily or unluckily, we r not in that matrix.
money can help you hire stadium.but money can t inject enthusiasm audience.those who can t see this are blinded by hate 4
dear . shift the venue of meeting elsewhere, lest chooses to come to amp people s
wow wow! speech is rocking
free domain
not only in dubai. many are wilting in jealousy even within india.
modi pledges for a temple in uae for indian hindus there bt who else shall pledge him to reconstruct da mosques destroyed during gujratriot!
thx pm modi for helping us during water crisis even though millions of indians r living in same situation without clean water
modi must be the only gujju in dubai who s talking about every single topic except gold.
firstpost we ve decided to make counsellor camps for indian diaspora across the world pm modi in dubai
modi in dubai any burnol left for this american citizen commenting on india?
strange but true modi who presided over the gujarat genocide talks of dangers of terrorism in india at dubai modi in dubai jumla king modi
live watch pm modi in uae imf, world bank said that among leading nations india is f...
dna live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, e migrate amp madad portal for indian migr
ndtv the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as an e migrant portal pm modi in du
modi urges indians to take advantage of the world s inclination towards the
modi try to bring many investors to india via his foreign tours..but ppl trolling him..
have discussed problem of school admissions with officials here narendra modi
either you can listen to modi or listen to modi and there is no other option. modi in dubai
while modi giving a speech on peace and humanity, indian forces are bombing my people in
modi is a leader cum marketeer cum motivator cum executor cum visionary all encapsulated into 1. namo in dubai lesso
amazing crowd has gathered to listen ji in dubai..
proud to have a pm like modi
modi have asked embassies to help indians overseas using the indian community welfare fund.
cm should have said, i shamize for blocking 6 ambulances if modi was there he would have said, turn them into a hearse
we tried to bring unity in saarc. some people have a problem with that but we re going forward with it pm modi modi in du
top cop did say modi was involved
namo should etonguelain all government plans at rural of india not at dubai abudabi.this is very funny...
pm modi announces indian community welfare fund icwf to help the indian community in uae modi in dubai
our pm modi had send t right signal to r neighbouring nation supporting terror to end stalemate nd start talks to elliminate it modi in dubai
ceebeebee, pogo, cartoon network.
he has a lot of options in modi s india!
how to etonguelain a topic in a way dat everyone concentrates only on u? ans u should watch modi sir n learn frm it. modi in dubai
i ve etongueressed concerns about establishing more schools in dubai pm modi in dubai
pm talks about schemes like madad and e migrate at the dubai cricket stadium. follow live modi in dubai
indian are in uae
congrats to all on being greatest achivement by hon ble prime minister sh. narendra modi ji in abu dhabi.
juxtaposingly they want india to fall in pak s trap by calling off talks. so that cong can abuse modi. again. wah!
5 to one odds on modi s speech ending in 2 hours modi in dubai
live watch pm modi in uae welfare fund for distressed migrants pm modi
will prove to be more popular in british parliament than in indian parliament,it is my personal take
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai ..congress gets confused if he is talking abt pakistan or congress modi in dubai
i ve seen a few clips from the 90s. a bit wilder than modi, full of passion enthu, but modi s stress on words is amazing
standing in islamic country and cursing taliban and terrorism is like a loin roar. modi is awesome.....
and that s the bottom line coz narendra bhai modi said so
india today
modi in dubai live uae to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india
proud to be an indian and to have mr. narendra modi as our prime minister.
such a huge indian etongueat population in uae.yet no government saw the need for ties. surprising much. namo in dubai
2nd in 3 days.!!
live pm modi highlights govt. s initiatives in his address to indian diaspora in dubai
u ll be getting hate tweets now .... ure appreciating modi ?? .... so not cool ... tongue
raga pappu no match for namo.
pm narendra modi condemns bomb blast in bangkok the economic times on mobile
u ll die someday due to heart attack thinking of modi.
modi assures to open more schools in dubai. namo in dubai
this is etongueected in modi s india.
etongueect for those few who can t think above religion,most indian muslims will always support modi.
raga bhakts saying more he speaks more chances of him getting caught out for modi. rofl
uae is a islamic country. correct me if wrong? and modi is a anti muslim pm as per adarsh liberals well feeling sorry for them. modi in uae
congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments
modi is a camel ,, stores energy in india to use it abroad !!!
na mo talking about school admissions... a pain over here... hope he finds a solution for that namo in dubai
watching modi on tv live from dubai.
all underworld leave dubai to avoid any bollywood type of scene, getting bundled into his flight.
india needs to improve much..but what our namo is doing is great ...improving image of indiana
arnab amp rahul shivsahanker , hidden rss moles r defending namo when he abuses d past pm s! atal is also thr!
govt of india has created an online platform madad and e migrant portal to assist indians around the world pm modi
modi ji should stop saying ..
we did this this for this nation.. it should self destructive.
this confirms modi cannot go beyond vajpayee disappointing ! hendrikson brooks, pdp govt , netaji files
pics what chef sanjeev kapoor prepared for narendra modi s special dinner in uae via
aur kuchh layein na layein modi will bring dawood back. that will be the start of fulfilling his promises. modi in dubai
mr modi swach bharat u must abolish the fees agents charge the poor worker when he goes to uae.
for modi, a self obsessed speech is more than reforms!
ji today s speech and feeling same.
5836 days of silence to all etongueerts who thought tht bilateral ties with d middle east wud take a hit if modi becomes the pm. modi in dubai
fascist modi spreading hinduism by talking about rakhi festival in arab land. modi in dubai
mr modi on all news channels at one go. that s called the media control and impact. once again, he steals the show. take a bow.
boss let him 1st make finance ministry to help trade amp industry
couldn t have been more true
pm modi is perfect in that...no one does it better...
modi tells the world to take a stand on terror amp himself failed to take a stand. modi in dubai
india, uae condemn state sponsored terrorism during modi s visit massage to pakistan?
modi in dubai its a crowd say all in dubai.. its a modi magic .but congress reaction on it unoptimistic...
this is how na mo rocks in dubai thru connecting amp soon rope in s
the caption is a quote by indian pm modi saying dubai celebrated 2014 indian election results. the pic mocks that claim.
no names, but pm modi s dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didn t mention pakistan, ...
blame modi in dubai for late tuning in...now purani jeans gulaam with this gulaami songtongue
isbpl crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the ...
foundation crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi
uae is a islamic country. correct me if wrong? and modi is a anti muslim pm as per adarsh liberals well feeling sorry for the
pm talks about schemes like madad and e migrate at the dubai cricket stadium. follow live
modi one day international at dubai
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united arab e...
live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, e migrate madad portal for indian migrants
if there s an indian anywhere in the world, we don t look at the passport colour, colour of blood is enough narendra modi
mallu ungles must be confused what is this modi talking
not well played as crowd was unenthusiastic. .
this lady is a bigger joke than modi ji smiley
it is in one way a commendation to pm modi that pakistanis in their insecurities have to shout and scream.
dear he wants your analysis of modi s speech. hopefully you can doit if your butt is not painful
some r so sick that a little fevor of na mo govt. results trending . get well soon..
sikulars pl etonguelain why all tv serials, othr progrms has zero viewership n in every house modi ji can be heared modi in dubai
mangalyaan to mars was a success, so is modi yaan to uae
with his superb bitch slapping of pak today, modi has avenged all odi loses at sharjah. modi in dubai
i guess india is growing at a rapid pace with modi as pm modi in dubai
shushmaji hear namo speech he has taken your job pls resign nd join cong. we will welcome u
no wait. what?????
and few min back was trolling modi grilling why is modi silent on pakistan. here you get
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi. modi in dubai modi in uae marhaba namo
everytime modi ji makes a trip somewhere.
my tl suffers here..
you are also terrorist modi
live watch pm modi in uae counsellor camps for indian workers, e migrate portal madad for indian migrants
modi ministry pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin
modi ministry pm narendra modi holds talk with uae crown prince
modi ministry will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents cong to pm modi
when modi shoots pak, the bullet is found from s ass.
watching the live telecast, feels proud to have mr modi as our prime minister
uae govt allots land for temple. hope congress doesn say it was their idea which modi govt copied and re packaged tongue modi i
it doesn t matter who you are , you could hit so many right and attractive words than modi. modi in dubai
pm addresses indian community in uae on his official visit woes to work for uplift of etongueats indians
modi ministry crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi
no one.... na mo
modi shud b told tht he is talking in dubai amp not patna or he knows no1 can stop him no rss dictum no parliament there
next goalpost modi has no influence outside earth.
pm ho to jaisa .... there is rest amp then there is modi
modi wants to make india a modern educated country while turning a blind eye to vyapam scam. modi in uae
crown prince of uae decides to invest 4.5lac cr. in india modiinuae ye hai dekh liya dum !!! keep watching namo s
speech
temple in uae..
aur kya loge.. bhai.. smiley
can t believe i missed modi in dubai
debashishhits this is how na mo rocks in dubai thru connecting amp
navraj pandey1 madhuramanach in his dubai speech, modi highlights strong significance of recent signing of transport agreement between
any1 wanting report caed of nda govt can find it in pm modi s speeches on foreign soil! modi in dubai
many indian batsmen have played on thedubai cricket stadium pitch, but none asspectacularly as narendra modi ! modi in dubai modi in uae
look at all those mallus in dubai cheering for modi ji.
must say modi ji is crowed puller and respected but his bhakts r gundaas
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united
this speech of modi reminded me of tendulkar s famous innings against australia in sharjah! namo in dubai
we did this this for this nation.. it might b self destructive.
for them namo gave a msg come along or be left behind .
no names, but pm modi s dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didn t mention pakistan, but
jail hind
i know you have many complaints regarding embassy crowd answers no , it s good if you don t have any, but in case you have..pm modi via
govt of india has launched an e migrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi modi in uae via an
the message of modis speech in one word stfu.
narendra modi ji in india throughout the world have elevated the head
huge thank you to all narendra modi
why modi is not talking about terrorism of rss in india.he himself is with terrorists.
modi raise your fist and say bharat mata ki jai. crowd obliges. end of speech.
now that modi s speech has ended, arnab goswami will be the happiest person on the planet earth.
rofl she blocks anyone praising pm modi
one more..
goes on and on in dubai like a tape recorder but still hasn t uttered a word on the lalit modi issue. lalit gate
nice over coat smiley seems like u wore modi s ten lakh suit wink
first time saw pm modi sweat! opposition ashamed. dubai summer benamed! modi in dubai dubai summer
madad this is what has been insisting a help line for all hindus worldwide! thank you pm
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in linkedin zipped news
thank you !! now come back !!
pm modi in dubai ends his speech with bharat mata ki jai
you go through its modi positing everywhere smiley
defection just because modi spoke one word in malayalam?
effect
if there s an indian anywhere in the world, we don t look at the passport colour, colour of blood is enough narendra mod
arnab amp rahul shivsahanker , hidden rss moles r defending namo when he abuses d past pm s! at
modi in dubai s electrifying speech comes 2 an end
when modi can get approval for mandir in dubai ..then school would be a cake walk for him modi in dubai
khoon ka rang kafi hai in lieu of passport... when it comes to punchlines modi trumps even salman khan.
for a layman, modi did a great job by briefing all the achievements y
for a moment, let us appreciate his...
lucky fr him if he dsnt visit uk. whn modiji wl be hre..mst probably in nov.
what does that mean?
modi ji learned trolling from twitter.
in 98 brought desert storm in sharjah. today n modi also dealing in only fours sixes in dubai cricket stadi
to begin with namo does events well. made india proud. made indians happy. what did congress do other than spread unhappiness!
modi in dubai we work, not with arrogance of being big but we work shoulder to shoulder with everyone towards development
headline is ready even before the speech modi vows etongueats!
brahma gets bombed at erawan temple in bangkok. are they going to blame pakistan and the isi hello! mr modi we are w
digit
good night friends!
bhakts are unbelievable. first they abuse sheiks now they are proud of modi for clicking selfies with the same sheikhs. what fools!
fine sentiment. but why did ani only translate chhaata ?
most of the pakistani r watching modi speech on tv
by selling lands of farmers
mordern education by feku pm
lol good joke
till now he was teaching vedic science modi in dubai
notice that namo is without skull cap. sickulars can debate
if media changes angle of viewing the intention of modi ji, progress can go faster with immediate effect . no doubt.
modi is etongueert in insulting others.atal, advani,only to begin. bhakts started abuse.
passport ka rang nahi dekthey ka mutlab.. pm modi will help other countrymen in troubled times in conflict zones! modi in dubai
modi in uae loving the updates.
tha only pm in tha world who recives garnd welcom everwhere
modi knows how satisfy the ego of the prince in a non democratic country.
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ..?
i guess that like ls elections amp modiyapa at madison, this time too modi s gala event is being broadcasted by bjp s tv crew on
let us not compare modi with devolved genetic offspring. rahul gandhi requires to be treated for grave mental disorders.
pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium modi inuae
1hr 10 min speech of modi..modi concluded speech by saying bharat matha ki jai
now what was that???
pm narend
what s that ? o o
prime minister
all of them
waiting for narendra modi to return to india so that i can trend modi in india hashtag.
narendra modi s speech at dubai cricket stadium ends
even i wondered today.. how come modi speaks without an script. but not rahul gandhi
hail namo u did it again proud to vote for you sit
bravo pm modi saab...this is another victory for you....five trillion dollars investment in india will be a big boost for indian economy..
there are 5 vowels in english language. has 3 of them.
remaining 2 are in .
the dy mediaprsn lyk u wl strt unbiased rprtng. cz if smthng lyk ths is dn thn u ll sy y so mch mny wstd, wat is modi geting?
on the occasion of pm modi s visit, uae government decides to allot land for temple in abu dhabi foreign ministry
namo in dub
ache din,rupee tumbling.ache din for the govt as fdi comes and better encashment .lao modi jee dollar lao. ho. bhi ho sakta hai
hindu leaders may see many muslims attended modi reception whom we say here go to pakistan
ji today s speech
and feeling same.
live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi via hindustan times
saudi nahi hai mere bhai,
therefore tweet failed.
watching uae speech to the masses. simply love his oratory skills.
if modi asks people to run into a stone wall, they would oratory skills
much like arrow piercing juliet s heart killing romeo.
we don t differentiate by colour of the passport pm modi in dubai
great motivational speech by pm modi modi in dubai
here comes the catch word .
purana rishta won t work due to , so spin doctoring.
whatever works, eh?
thoroughly enjoyed modi s speech in dubai modi in dubai
cant relate it
did modi called sheikh hasina prez of bangladesh.
just asking
modi s extempore speech was welcomed tumultuosly
modi in uae not able to believe the response for modi in uae ! just wow !
just woooooooow speech na mo rocks in dubai
there wasn t a single stand alone visit by any indian pm to sri lanka after rajiv gandhi ji, before my visit pm naren
singing for modi !! at last you are his fan now
he is no normal pm folks. he is narendra modi. modi in uae
created online platform for assisting around the globe!
online platform called madad to connect indian diaspora around the world pm narendra modi modi in dubai
how many times did modi speak in this monsoon session. silent mode in india. nri s pm ..
ok sir, fair enuf, but then trust modi..
pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium india tv
nobody in congress possessed outstanding oration skills like namo.
esselworld is planning to sign narendra modi as its brand ambassador because ghar nahi nahi nahi jaaoonga main .
people who didn t clapped for modi speech in dubai stadium, those who are like me who don t understand basic hindi....
hi this man is so communal he is praise 4 modi in future u dont go to gulf modi in dubai modi in uae
totally mesmerizing speech of na mo in dubai, first time i ve hearing the whole speech by any of political leader. chaa gaye modi in dubai
hail namo u did it again proud to vote for you sir
modi speech in dubai. his bonding to nepal as shown in picture below
world love namo modi rocks in dubai
finally.
best summary of the bit on al makhtoum in modi s speech today namo in dubai
namo pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin economic times pm narendra modi one ...
don t worry the exclusive circus will move to another country...
namo is a phenomenon! period. modi in dubai
modi in dubai pappu bangkok s trip viagra effect seems over after lalitgate debate in parliament. he could bowl few bouncers on modi amp bjp.
and the sheikh s heart skips a bit.
pakistanis mocking modi s speach??
will nawazsherif speak infront of 15000 pakis?? they killed der own pm candidate benazirbhutto in 2007!!
our beloved pm modi effect
thankx dear modi ... hope u will come us with ur words each and every time...
more i listen to modi, better i understand why kejriwal s speeches are so convincing. ak talks to his audience, modi talks down to them.
best line of modi speech
pm modi concludes his speech modi in dubai
modi shud remember that 7 out of those 34 years were ruled by atalji!! so he is mocking his own leader?? modi in dubai
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai gets confused he is talking abt pakistan congres modi in dubai
ht tweets modi says how he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we don t get tea for r
pm narendra modi waves at the gathering at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae
pm modi says indian community welfare fund started to help indians under duress modi in dubai
modi modi in dubai narendra modi modi concludes his speech.
modi g , most of steps taken by you are laudable but farmers in country are in stress , they are not paid for their crops overdue 150 days!
now this is potent stuff.
we should also have to wait to see how uae amp co react post modi visit?
modi in uae super kick to pakistan and congress. wow modi ji we have waited for this super stunning speech. bharat mata ki jaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiii
pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae modi in dubai
narendra modi s speech at dubai cricket stadium ends modi in dubai
modi is a terrorist and a criminal according to google
dear pm modi
sir, is this acche din...in dubai you re beating your drum and publicly running down an ex pm modi in dubai
yours mitron
pm narendra modi the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as...
modi hey, is that you there?
pm narendra modi wishes keralites on occasion of malayalam new year
everytime steps out of india, he breaks the ice and sets the discourse for us indians. watching narendra modi
hblc is modi changing his tune? the prime ministers second i day speech made some references to communal har...
pm modis speech at dubai cricket stadium ends. catch the highlights here.
times now our insurance scheme is as affordable as rs 1 per month pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
modi the great
times now we opened bank accounts for poor pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
pm modi ate into 90 minutes of prime time news and associated ad revenue. and then bhakts say this government isn t against media.
times now i will ensure electricity in every part of the country in next 5 yrs pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
times now this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy pm narendra modi modi in dubai modi in uae
the nation wants to know if raga was watching modi s speech modi in dubai
vote on the poll modi ji dubai speech on modi ji in dubai via
modi is another word for it!
we don t look at the colour of the passport for indians. the colour of our blood is enough pm
i hope he remembers what he spoke, pathetic
pm modi says have to make india into an educated modern country modi in dubai
pm modi talks about schemes like madad and e migrate at the dubai cricket stadium. follow live upda
do you have proof that modi did? give proof.
awesome speech by modi
hey modi, how about you fix the massive class cleavages and ideological rifts that tear india from within , before reaching out globally?
quote that fits ,
but i guess tht was frm an individual. .just see if govt has given lnd..or same land mod
ok, modi s speech is done... now waiting for rajdeep to get slapped! modi in dubai
solid punches. key points. potshot at pakistan.inevitable chaiwala gag. hard to top madison magic. long live . modi in dubai modi in uae
thank god, modi discovered india and told the world, we were unknown till mid 2014.
while modi speaks about cong in other country.all cong n even sm ppl in bjp opposed.same like modi u spoke abt tn in bang.
please don t allowed hindu temple in dubai india amp modi involved in terrorism against muslims
pm modi concludes his address amid echoing chants of bharat mata ki jai
modi told in dubai speech , he opened the bank account of peoples., it s job of fake pm .
pm modi says have defined border with bangladesh for the 1st time since independence modi in dubai
awsmmmm modi ji is god for india
sir i have been saying same thing to you for long time
modi addressing a foreign audience yet again..spinning yarns ... why are we being inflicted wth it on all news channels
bhaiya well i usually don t but since had promissed to run naked if modi becomes pm...i started caring for him.
2 minute silence for all rws who thought they are bigger trolls than modi.
a century is not a century against australia when mcgrath is not there. sick mind
money can help you hire a stadium. but money can t inject enthusiasm in audience. those who can t see this are blinded by hate for modi ..
why video camera dont rake 360 degree view of modi rallies really 50k ppl thr ? i doubt
r u a hidden namo bhakt? if so , confess! sagarika is a noble soul, she must have her own reasons!
our pm modi is rocking in dubai as always......
great modi modi in dubai
govt of india has launched an e migrate portal named madad to address your grievances pm modi modi in
. modi ji may not be bothered about legislative business but the world is amp so am i.
pm modi says this false distinction between good amp bad terrorism will not work modi in dubai
i feel elated to see modi today s speech
raj thackeryay modi is just one step away from going burj khalifa par ek din kamal khilaunga.
someone should learn politics from modi..
lol i don t understand y these aap congress fellows act like they wet their undies every time namo gives a speech
those who say that modi has done nothing in 1 year. making 1.25 crore indians feel proud is nothing. don t think so
note how aaptards jump in to attack namo ... clealry sonia ke sabse bade chele ...
modi never visited any mosque in india last several yrs but will visit the grand mosque at abu dhabi. dollars!
what was the development issues pm modi will discuss with uae. can someone please let me know.
tl is filled with modi s speech.
modi will make a mincemeat of him....
pm modi says india full of opportunities with 65 of population below age of 35 modi in dubai
a mindset that critics of modi are dynasty devotees
great, full of pride and purpose
what a great speech given by prime minister narendra modi at
im proud of my pm feeling proud
what a speech !!! from fdi to terrorism to naga accord.. every neighbour gets a mention except ofcos pak .. take a bow pm modi
namo is great
today, modi was addressing bihar election rally from red fort.
motivational n very energetic speech by modi ji.we mst learn fm him hw 2 serve d nation n mak relship wid other.
!! do i need to say more
modi in uae wonder what pathetic response tom vadakkan is going to put up in response to pm modi s electrifying speech...
pm narendra modi addresses around 50,000 people at the indian community reception held at the dubai cricket...
cbc.ca pm modi condemns bangkok bomb blast times of india new delhi prime minister narendra
chicha u heard wht modi said abt pak.. any comments? modi in dubai
came home late, switched on the tv, found modi everywhere. switched off.
modi said we must do away with caste system and then said banks will give special loans to dalits amp adivasis.
modi in dubai what did you etongueect ? 700 prime ministers in flight!!!
i see tweets amp it seems is also hitting hard pakis modiin uae
pl share
the only neighboring nation hasn t directly addressed is samajhdar ko ishara kaafi hai this is not ap
nation witnessed who lost mental balance in rajya sabha modi loses mental balance says congress via
modi tsunami already stuck middle east
for 34 years,no pm thought ab8 visiting country that is home 2 more than 2 million indians.modi did amp they called it s for
historic and inspiring speech by narendra modi in dubai
going by the pulse of nation, its clear no leader in the last 40 yrs is so fondly amp widely accepted as pm modi.
modi in dubai india, uae to establish strategic security dialogue , boost ... firstpost
will nawazsherif speak infront of 15000 pakis?? they killed der own pm candidate benazirbh
the way modi was banging his chest shows , type body language.
is there any diamond businessmen who can sponsor such meetings for anyone other than modi? cheapo.
modi s speach remind me the 20t match. .. whole world is watching this interesting match and i am happy because...
awesome words of modi ji s speech at uae, we proud to be an indian...
vande matram
modi setting up the missing link among distributed indians. modi in dubai
gosh u must be so mad to see namo s popularity..join congress lol
modi in dubai we don t differentiate by color of the passport! modi in dubai
so many schemes and services ! i support
miya mithoo modi in dubai
outstanding speach from modi
reaction of kejriwal after knowing that modi s speech is finished
i love modi
narendra modi is such a powerful orator
always inspiring
proud to have him as our nation s prime minister modi in dubai
modi says he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we don t get tea for re 1.
pm modi ate into 90 minutes of prime time news and associated ad revenue. and then bhakts say this government isn t against
modi never visited any mosque in india for last several yrs, but will visit the grand mosque at abu dhabi. dollars at
we don t see the color of our passport, only the color of our blood is enough.
pm speaking at dubai modi s gulf reach
to gujraat riots minds
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring terrorism or against it pm modi
namo.. please we want to see you. rural of india. please we would like to know your bheema plans. not dubai people.
tomnjerrytwo trendulkar no mention of desert storm 1998 in modi s speech? disappointed.
modi has spoken stronger in the last 10 mins, than manmohan singh, sonia amp rahul gandhi have in last 10 yrs modi in dubai
rajiv and sonia are not even comparable to modi they never will be .hitler had no comparisons also for germans for 8 to 9 yrs
did you guys notice?
fhiro002 theduke getting his ink did namo tattoo in bangkok
and you call pm modi a gaddar ?! shoo away morons! he s filled with ambitions and vision n the might to do everything po
fact is, modi is our last hope.
mr. modi only he is real pm for indian peoples ever.
ahem.... gini dear..its lion!!
an elegant and mesmerizing speech by hon pm modi.jealous cong may crib but mr modi does india proud.excellent my pm
thats great modi sir...
is only leader only who can lead the world
just to smile
ok. modi finished his speech without promising any reduction or cancellation of import duty on electronics for...
a day in the life of namo.wake up,put on suit boot,address a rally,throw jumla,take a flight to a foreign land,again throw jumla
land grab and collateral damage by corporates. raj is company raj modi not welcome
pm addressing the gathering at the indian community reception in dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai
what speech at dubai cricket stadium............
namo power.......
dubai goes modi modi
ppl waited for 4 hrs in dubai just to see pm modi.. this is amazing! whats influence this man has! modi in india
modified
no one match modi following
money can help you hire a stadium. but money can t inject enthusiasm in audience. those who can t see this are blinded by
i will watch full speech of modi ji..
never ....its only modi
maybe modi haters should form their own little country so they can boo modi when he visits ?
modi visit to uae a well received address by modi though some of the pak friends mis interpret and twist the facts, and pose innocent later.
after america, modi rocks it in dubai too.
never felt so proud about anyone being the pm.
what a speech given by great modi. awesome. do you have sleeping pills ?
speech in dubai was a comedy and for indians in india it is a tragedy were thrown but indians in dubai unaware jumla king modi
rt the hindu live pm modi highlights govt. s initiatives in his address to indian diaspora in dubai
i added a video to a playlist pm modi address indian diaspora in dubai cricket stadium
some of you lick so much modi ass
matlab i voted for kejriwal but i dont lick his ass continuously
modi modi was from mosque but there was no muslims, so don t get so excited...
i ld say to those ppl who say tht modi is only touring plz watch today speech given in uae u ll come to knw what is he doing modi.
proud to have pm like narendra modi............
rahul kanwal on indiatoday tv loses count of numbers, say, half a million attended modi s meeting! hmm..one understands the enthusiasm!!
namo not only indian leader but a leader who praise among the world modi rocks in dubai
wait a second you guys. your tweets are suggesting modi is speaking malyalam!?!?!?! is that so? is there anything this guy can t do?
a great speech by our leader mr.modi ji . he is not a indian leader now a world leader to transform india to a world s stage modi in dubai
so as usual my father says chang s channel to and anti modi wil b thr at show he s so predictable
so many senior hateful journos knew ab his trolling abilities amp tats why thy were trying to block namo since 2002
uae allots land for building first temple in abu dhabi pm modi thanks govt for landmark decision
yes this what inside the minds of these illegit products gt
some tweets of makes us realize that there are few people who eat and shit from the same hole.
modi became modi in uae but what happen when he is in india
one more modi show
the pm modi is one and only man that make india superpower
seating next to tongue
goi has launched an e migrate portal named madad to address the grievances related to embassytonguem modi modi in dubai
they have been like that since modi became pm candidate
wish u get a chance to visit dubai, 1 temple complex for 2.6 million indians?? serious!! kudos to modi.
you want to see a man with a motive see how he is determined!! modi in dubai
now congress amp other will blam uae govt being communal
i thought u d analyze namo speech..anyways gn
you don t need to go convent school to understand what modi means to say that .ideat
modi says bharat mata ki amp crowd shouts jai with clenched fists in a nazisalute? oh my god!!!
modi in uae delivering a speech and here we have arnab asking tom vadakkan to analyze his speech.. lol..msm has just lost the plot.
and cop do says even hidden cam bajrag dall goons caught saying modi was involved
is modi already the most popular, most enthusing leader across the globe, ever?
speech of modi finished in dubai every body was happy there but in india we will see some dumb ppl crying on tv news modi in dubai
was a ultimate speech modi ji..
thank you our pm..namo
indra gandhi a are working for the country that narendra modi is proudly say came the moment we all indian.
modi ji is a gud orator thats d reason he is so hit amp his marketing team know how 2 use primetime
not to forget modi s strong hand gestures! modi in dubai
is modi still not secular? surprise modi in dubai
i hope narendra modi doesn t listen to go west by pet shop boys and decides to go there modi in dubai
bhai matlab...u will always hit a tweet 6 at the last minute..too good
u don t find modi in wiki in 10 most wanted terrorists 100 mullas u can see.
truly outstanding..... amazing to watch him speak... proud to have voted amp campaigned for modi.
ache din and rupee came tumbling after....ache din for the govt as fdi comes and better encashment .... lao modi jee dollar lao..
wonder how many modi hateing nris will use madad portal in time of need!
hatts off modi sir for this fabulous speech in dubai,uae. proud to be indian
pm mr narendra modi rockstar in dubai.
what a speech. take a bow sir
uae raises gold import duty issue with india during pm modis visit
good comments on modi speech funny ...haa ha modi in dubai
log ground me bhi baithte the chair laga ke amp spectator seat me bhi baithte the....
modi aaj bihar elec. campaigning kr ra hai
totally mesmerizing speech of na mo in dubai, first time i ve hearing the whole speech by any of political leader. cha
narendra modi one of the amp most viewed ceos amp in india linkedin prime minister narendra modi, with ...
modi ji, amazing news for you. amazon is selling selfie sticks at 66 less. grab the opportunity big fella.
ab ki baar kamzor sarkar
modi toady
tough competitor for kapil sharma. modi in dubai
modi does it again!!! a proud indian marhaba namo
pentagon blocking guantnamo deals to return shaker aamer and other cleared detainees
thrilled after watching narendra modi s speech....... i feel proud to have such great pm modi in dubai
pm modi not told to dubai peoples , that he had broken the ex. soldiers head in dehli.
india, uae govt close relationship a message to pakistan foreign diplomacy
recall the hype when modi ji made coffee for his friend barrack. how far did that tectonic shift take india?
modi speaks well in dubai... but needs to act and speak more and effectively in the parliament to get key legislation passed ..
prime minister mr. modi is probably one of the best orators among the world leaders! he can create a madison moment anywhere he wants!
namo makes india proude
wat u had ! modi speech!
i thought it was a very good speech, great moment for modi
modi rocked modi in dubai
i31p1n samjhne wale samjh jaenge asach4 modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not
radical1184 modi ji live speech z more hilarious thn comedy class humne maldives ko pyasa nahi merne diya credit claiming agn n agn f
asach4 modi talks about all neighbors sri lanka, maldives, nepal, bangladesh, afghanistan. just not pakistan.
awesome speech by namo. if there was a election for prime minister of asia, namo would have been a powerful contender.
lol he need to drink eno cant digest modi magic in dubai
like god modi is everywhere. modi in dubai
why modi, american indians didn t receive you well when you visited usa?!
yeah, one of our family friends help was saying modi jee ne kaha tha sabke account main paise aayenge, aaye nahi tongue
connectivity, 4.5lac crore investment, landfortemple. more than happy to see him win everywhere amp words modi in dubai modi magic
modi gave nri hindus the chance to beat rajdeep but no such chance to muslims. clearly modi is anti minorities modi in dubai
modi and hindu always blame.he might blame if anyone got pregnet and thy blame isi
modi is successful.. wat do you think?
ouch!!!
modi spoke like a real world leader. brilliant speech modi in dubai
goi has launched an e migrate portal named madad to address the grievances related to embassytonguem modi modi in dubai htt
myanmar amp thailand to be connected soo.
modi in dubai.. only pm modi amp his team india can do.
thank god now promises r over n political lecture is finished. good night
why doesn t modi use a micromax instead of his iphone for his selfie diplomacy ?
thank you mr. modi for a purposeful prime time here in india. media, get your act right. it s high time modi in dubai
lol i don t understand y these aap congress fellows act like they wet their undies every time namo gives a speec
why he is telling these things in dubai. modi in dubai modi in uae
charismatic, majestic, blessed amp loved leadrship is called mr narender modi. any doubts then watch him live right now from dubai
good decision. it will be helpful.
such a brilliant speech from uae watching narendra modi
what a speech !!! from fdi to terrorism to naga accord.. every neighbour gets a mention except ofcos pak .. take a bow pm mo
tbhi india itni tarakki ni kr skta.where u indians r not even loyal to your nation and talking dirty for great modi.
what a incredible speech in uae of india narendra modi sir,,,iam so inspired your speech one of indias great pm of u
without doubt! . is modi already the most popular, most enthusing leader across the globe, ever?
all i know is that now needs to deal with closer to home issues.
crownprince of has decided to invest 4.5 lacs crore rupee in . let s welcome this initiative of crownprinc
india never has had such a prime minister like narendra modi ji
hope these pictures will neutralise anti minority venom running in veins of sanghi bigots. fine speech mr pm
after listening pm modi address to indian diaspora, no words how to etongueress my feelings bharat mata ki jai modi in dubai
sultan is waiting with ticky to listen narendra modi ji
namo is selling our schemes
nic spich for modi in uae
made in india ? all we need now is modi in india. b
dear arnab your correspondent abhishek is blabbering that modi is preaching to already converted? isn t that moronic namo in dubai
this same ed chief katoch covered up role of jignesh shah in nsel scam with help of diggy
hahahahahah.. most hilarious thing i ve heard in a while .. ....
modi flashes.. and flashes it hard ravi shastri
ironic that all the brown sahibs who had doubted on foreign policy are now insisting on his governing from india.
modi has spoken more powerfully in the last 10 mins, than manmohan singh, sonia amp rahul gandhi have even tried in last 10 yrs! modi in dubai
a simply mesmerizing speech there.......... no words............
lol...my father says all image of modi gone down in last 6 months is brought up by today s bhaasan....
namo can even win nxt elections while on a foreign tour and addressing indian community there......
people who were using fans b4 modi came to venue stopped it as he started speech, mesmerized ppl
pm addressing the gathering at the indian community reception in dubai cricket stadi
great speech of hon ble pm sh. narender modi ji at uae.........
bharat mata ki jai.........
actually modi ji wrongly informed those umbrella holding kabayans are from north east! i am not racist
modi live from uae.......
watch s wps sidhu now on cnn ibn analysing pm modi s speech to 70000 indians in dubai
modi dubai
fuck modi. cover issue on tv!
pm modi s speech key highlights the times of india narendra modi madison sqaure
sir u shold get doctorate in speech. ur speech todae was truly incredible
if modi start visiting all mosque u need to save ur ass run to pakistan
modi g, if agricultural in india is given as industry status may be inn phased manner india will become superpower in 20 years! hopes reply
every child love modi ji. modi in dubai
modi magic in dubai. mesmerising speech.. 70k odd people listening nd applauding him. ... modi in dubai
i care about every indian, except the ones in india
except indian parliament of course.
modi in dubai modi ji is rockstar of 125 crore indians..are congressi and aapians included in this.. just asking.
did modi take all these chutiyas cheering for him in dubai along for free or have they managed to get there on their own? modi in dubai
nris in uae have made india proud pm modi..
message to whom?
modi in uae he is one pm who deserve the salutation honourable before his name modi in dubai modi magic
after giving a heart touching speech for 1 amp a half hour finally he s done ,
it was awesome
modi rocks watching narendra modi
really sir modi you were doing amazing job.. thanks alot.
modi aaj bihar elec. cam
bhai listen modi speech not able 2 stand n speak energetically 4 1.30 hours not able 2 give boost 2 indian
yeah, one of our family friends help was saying modi jee ne kaha tha sabke account main paise aayenge, aa
the final assault arnab goswami getting ready to tear into the outrage brigade after s spectacular dubai speech modi in uae
modi je always believe in one way of communication that is election rally , mann ke baat.
well search for yourself hidden cam etongueosures modi involvement in godhra
strange but true modi who presided over the gujarat genocide talks of dangers of terrorism in india at dubai modi in du
modi in dubai think india you voted for idiots like indira, rajiv and sonia gandhi when you had the people of modi s caliber. what a shame!
modi visit to uae modi message was daring. it was also to the pak, to the us, to the corrupt in india, to indian opposition....
the best speech so far of modi sarkar! the the best! modi in dubai
modi has spoken more powerfully in the last 10 mins, than manmohan singh, sonia amp rahul gandhi have even tried in last 10 y
that s what is meant. lesser mortals like us may be bothered but for modi ji his personal business prestige is more important.
you don t have the smartness to poke modi. yes modi is the best
well guess what, i am actually a modi supporter but kinda frustrated on how the city is falling apart in the rains
live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi hindustan times
one more scheme with a name in hindi comes up from modi govt stop hindi imposition
pm modi rocks in dubai. great speech.
dear,send ur fragain in front of this crowd,m sure us scene will be rep,his tweets,showshimself against modi butlooks antiindia
how can a person keep on repeating d same thing he said a year ago...again n again n again
ohw god.. ab toh biheart hogaya modi ka speech
vote on the poll modi ji dubai visit on modi ji in dubai via
modi is the national proud, the pure definition of leader modi
dubai cricket stadium has hosted 17 odis and now 1 modi laughing
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi india news ndtv achedinaanewale
advance mey booking an important part of pm modi s visit is nabbing dawood.
3novices crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united ar
modi to open world hindi conference on september 10 times of
soon uae is gonna got tagged communal and fake caliphate. calls for isis take over will grow louder in indian media.
grt. show by modi in dubai. and also congrats 2 immigrant who hve made this show a success.
narendra modi one of the best pm
nice and great specch
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple
modi in uae this is amazing speech by narender modi. this is pride of india.
the way modi doing visit of uae, they way he is welcomed there its quite remarkable.
from why modi isn t visiting a muslim country to modi magic in arabian peninsula.
modi in dubai sometime back congies had asked why modi wants to go to pakistan. he replied today. any dispute can be resolved by a dailogue.
pm modi s speech in dubai is over. now brace for the tamasha of indian lionization at our tv channels.
modi in dubai wonderful speech by pm modi ji. people listening to him even in this sweltering heat.
modi in dubai is simply stunning.. the eloquence is captivating and na mo knows where to strike the chord with the crowd marhaba namo
namo in dubai ppl like who always jealous of modi win slept early tonite singing koi hero yahan koi zero yahan. sharam kro
true only hindutva sanghi coz he fools hindus well
please someone do a 101 on how to write a modi speech. same elements like previous speeches. glad he is over swach bharat for now.
awesome speech by our pm modi ji in dubai .
makes us all proud .
u may like or hate him but when he address gathering in foreign land ,u feel proud as indian witnessing the spectacle !! modi in dubai
really amazing speech by pm.. modi rocks today
i have seen history videos. hitler used to evoke same kind of response. modi hitler hence proved. liberal bot
so far i only heard about modi as ambani agent... now the picture is becoming clearer... he is also an insurance agent...
after saving modi and higher orki
ohh my god, you had to stay awake just to get your bit on modi. sleep man, we know you anyway hate modi, no need to stay awake
speech in dubai was a comedy and for indians in india it is a tragedy were thrown but indians in dubai u
modi is ashamed of everything , even being an indian, except wat happened in 2002. we are ashamed of having such an idiot pm
joint statement in uae is slap on the face of modi. it quietly condemns godhra and its handling by then cm.
kya bhai .... it was a stupid speech .... bol do plz .... modi modi ke alawaa kuch aur nahi tha ..... wo bhi so gaye last mein
no hypocrisy what so ever...
lol. true!
very impressive and strong speech by pm modi modi in dubai
modi in dubai modi is lifting nepal with india... feeling great to hear nepal from his mouth outta india
proud moment for india. namo we r proud of u
we do it, we say it and are proud about it! giving reasons to be assertively human.
thank you our pm..namo n thank you my friend honable mla abhishek ji matoria ji..
narendra modi s speech only pisses two
1. pakistan
2. congress party of india
modi being dubbed man of the masses by media worldwide after one hour plus populist speech that denounced terror, announced welfare schemes!
our brother islamic country uae has decided to support india in its bid to seek un security council membership during modi s visit.
like him or hate him but you can t run away from the fact that pm modi is a phenomenal orator. modi in dubai
modi s biggest achievement is clearly the foreign relations. marhaba namo
modi is praising prince crown so much i am worried sheikh mohammad will take him back home t
we can say its modi magic in gulf country too
very good night, sir !
modi in dubai best 2hrs of my life listing to modi and feel proud to indian
world brand summit remember, ppl paid to get ppl loved to attend modi s meeting
modi speech touched the heart indian living in dubai
modi s speech is turning out to be more popular than sachin s innings in sharjah !! modi in dubai
just heard modi s speech it was awsome nd what mass crowd . really special for malayali
modi, modi chantings in full swing in dubai leading to burnol sales in full swing in delhi. modi in dubai
india never had had such a prime minister as narendra modi ji. brilliant.
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple times of india
joke of the day!!!!!
first pm to visit nepal in 17 years.
first pm to visit uae in 34 years.
pm narendra modi has upgraded pak us policy to real foreign policy.
modi ends the speech wid bharat mata ki jai instead of naara e takbeer... allah hu akbar in dubai wat else prove u want he s against muslims
i am sure most of these pakistanis are in stadium to see what is modi all about!!
modi in dubai how u guys feeling sheet today speech
end of a new beginning modi in dubai namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
modi in dubai motivational speech by pm modi
ta lol
lovely speech of pm shri narendrabhai modi..proud to b gujarati and gujarat
pm modi is one of the most viewed ceos in india with over one million ... daily news amp analysis
awesome speech by modi in uae modi in dubai
there will be some you will be always bothered about them,should they stop their progress and give up sovereignty for you mr modi
pm modi was very very angry on independence day but today he is very very calm and composed and took his enemies to cleaners modi in dubai
we bow to pm mr narendra modi what a speech. sir you rock. god bless you
sir what a amazing personality you are. wonderful speech given in uae. modi in dubai marhaba namo super namo
it s really awesome. modi has made a rajnikanth in dubai.
our brother islamic country uae has decided to support india in its bid to seek un security council membership during m
today modi ji has spoken against terrorism more than congress has ever spoken against it in their 60 yrs rule of sickularism. modi in dubai
modi in dubai congress slams pm for foreign attack
realy a terrific speech by our pm.. in dubai
why the hell everything has to be debated on times now? can we just be inspired and take speech vely? modiin uae
charismatic, majestic, blessed amp loved leadrship is called mr narender modi. any doubts, watch him live right now from dubai
r u listening modi
perfect speech by in concert..feeling proud as we hav pm like him..grt job.. modi in dubai
the way modi doing visit of uae, the way he is welcome there its quite remarkable.
please note he isn t modi. he is prime minister of india respect that, you guys need to cover news, don t participate in politics
can we appeal to sc for speech ban of modi ?
modi in dubai zakka jacob flabbergasted by modi s reference to terrorism in an islamic nation... lol
mr modi, did you now realise that dubai is not for muslims only as we claim india is
what a great speech............ narendra modi ji... saheb we are proud of you.... dharam khatri
. posted this article defaming modi ji. it took only 2 hours amp a phone call frm my office to get it removed htt
oponents etonguelain why all tv serials, othr progrms has zero viewership and in every house modi ji can be heared modi in dubai
yes modi has the charisma which many world leaders don t have! what an extempore speech!!! awesome!!!
fantastic gutsy speech by our beloved pm namo, we are very happy and thankful to benefit from his visit in uae modi in uae
no doubt that due to sri narendra modi s govt. we are confident enough....
proud to be indian
if gujarat model was bluff, dubai model of development is nightmare.
modi is already following it, wd his own cronies n criminals.
sheikh after modi speech modi in dubai
neither nehru nor indira would have been able to match . yes, am that old. as for ? well, that s another story.
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi the national
unbelivable enthusiasm...luv to c d crowd cheering bharat mata ki jai .....burnool for secular nd modi haters ....
you are enhancing india s pride pm modi tells indians in dubai.
cc amp . also . can any of u answer???
thanks pm modi for fantastic speech in dubai
trade, terror to top pm modi s agenda in uae today , news zipped news
another long repetitive predictable speech by
modi ends the speech wid bharat mata ki jai instead of naara e takbeer... allah hu akbar in dubai wat else prove u want
modi is no doubt a great orator.
we get it , your narcissism helps you deal with your modi phobia modi in dubai
play ganga namo style.
this will never end....
namo in dubai we don t look at nris passport color, blood color is enough for us modi in dibai
arguably greatest indian pm ever smiley
a show like nobody can put up, awesome show namo ji truly appreciate your magnetic personality
some ppl like n said modi was just about hollow promises... cont
hoodtwts shilparathnam khoon ka rang kafi hai in lieu of passport... when it comes to punchlines modi tr
that s because the entire asian community looks at as a leader. modi in dubai
sly slap from z anchor when she said modi didn t look down for a note even once in 90 mins dubai in modi
make yourself so busy that you have no time for modi speech.
modi sir i proud of.....
modi ji not a leader ,
he is a magician !
feeling proud 2 hv a pm like him !!!
namo moment of the speech was samajhnewaale samajh gaye hain.. all idiots from pak, dawood amp desh drohis modi in dubai
but the place where you hv been for dinner there also ppl watching namo right?
how are you dear? shall i send you some burnol?
must read
narendra modi s speech is always so magical, that sometimes i think he is mad eye modi.
modi in dubai is good strategy before bihar polls? she gets paid for this bs analysis????
world k top 10 leaders ki salary kitna pata he ?
aur humaare pm modi ki salary?
just go to the link proud feel...
and good for u also. don t try to create any histaria of modi for us.we don t bother.thanks
what a inspired speech great. proud of modi jai hind. thanks to for live telecast
marhaba brilliant show at uae!
the world has sensed this the phase of manthan in india under modi s leadership. congress and pakistan must too. modi in dubai
the last time uae cheered so much for any indian was when sir sachin tendulkar playing at sharjah this time
home minister,same paki kutte till barking against namo,take action or order me my 4 black cats enough.
who cares! when modi on a song with the diaspora tongue
with that speech by pm modi in dubai, pakistan felt as betrayed as their ex who is now in a relationship with his worst enemy.
. even pakistanis want their leader to be namo. i have many friends their who admire him.
in morning a challange has been laid out pl show video where modi promised 15 lakhs but then
congress, aaptard and adarsh liberals after modi s speech. modi in dubai
indians reaction to modi is similar to those children who get visited by their parent at their hostel after a long long time.
modi magic in gulf country
we don t look at the colour of the passport for indians. the colour of our blood is enough marhaba namo
innocent animal get to live one more day thanks to great namo!! jai hind
heartburn for modi haters. modi in dubai
lol the best burnol moment for all modi haters modi in dubai
modi was all praise for pakistan today. just because, he didn t name it. laughing
one word to describe the teacher sa chem namo kay! bayot
very good and joyful speech by modi in dubai cricket stadium. modi in dubai
modi not told in dubai to the indian peoples, on 15 august pak fired on citizens , then did not took action against.
radical1184 modi ji live speech z more hilarious thn comedy class humne maldives ko pyasa nahi merne diya credit claim
modi in dubai modi to be proud of
india doesn t need to watch replays of tendulkars desert storm anymore. just did a solid encore! modi in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
modi ji...rocking in dubai...great sir...after 34yrs..indian pm in dubai...
today i saw namo spch for msn cln india when he said salman khan and all crowd cheer up.. sbse jyada seetiiyaan and awaazee
modi has spoken against 2 ur idealogy. shal we import burnol for u.. bhuhahahahah.. lolz.. rofl modi in dubai
we all indians having a great pride on our full majors p.m. mr n.d.modi
those who use bombs and guns will never benefit you or others or humanitytonguem narendra modi ji modi in dubai
modi s oratory can bring the dead alive lulz
is it possible for pm modi to isolate pakistan not just in the global community but among the islamic nations as well? genuine query
brilliant.. india never had had such a prime minister as narendra modi
i have never seen any leader who tweets every tweet as their first tweet like modi..
that narendra modi is really something else. it s amazing how he wins hearts in every corner of the world. those...
where are you sir ? modi ko cover krne ni gaye aap ? we been searching you all the tym
pm modi was very very angry on independence day but today he is very very calm and composed and took his enemies to clean
arguably greatest ind
modi is very optimistic amp confident of the outcome of his each visit abroad, but net result, so far, is big zero.
a remarkable event of its kind in the gulf,pm modi is the only leader with mass base across globe
namo you r really really really really greattttt sir.we r very proud to have u as our p.m sir... jai hind
modi and dawood are anywhere but india.
then there is modi involved rss bjp vhp id hindu hardliners party
amazing speech prime minister narendra modi s speech at dubai cricket stadium modi in dubai
best speech by pm, protect against terrorism with uae, first temple in uae, should be doud assets seezed by uae well done modi
the ummah is one.
why modi why?
haters y don t u die modi in dubai smiley he is man with vision and boss ye sirf bolta nai krta b h
..speech impact no where close 2 madison..gd msg on terrorism,else most of it was global..but jo bhi ho..sirji filmy to solid hain!
no they are not as good as modi in public relations
modi s speech was awesome modi in dubai
oh and btw this was s dinner tonight. he loves his gujarati delicacies, khichdi, kadhi and bhakri.
modi visits masdar city in abu dhabi, says science is life
watched the lecture of narendra modi at dubai in television.
he talked very good things to the people at dubai.
shame on obama.
ok sanjay, dolt raul is much better than modi..are you happy? now go sleep..
not sure whether modi can influence uae against dawood, but will sow seeds of doubt in the terror groups. what if we are compromised?
now the only time hashtag modi in india can trend is when lalit modi will be back in india.
hegde the more u spam twitter on modi, the more u etongueose urself...get urself some work which wil keep u busy
why modi s speech will not win the orop war
with that speech by pm modi in dubai, pakistan felt as betrayed as their ex who is now in a relationship with his worst
indragandhi post marks are pay the way narendra modi. amp india s name all overthe world waved in led agitation. all indian pride.
what a speech by !!! amaziiiiing !!!! please guys do not miss it !! it s on every news channel !!! pm rocks!
after sunny deol in gadar its narendra modi who has trolled pakistan in an islamic country. modiin dubai
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united arab emirates has promis
ohhh hooo ummat muslima
why doesn t this joker become campaign manager for modi or not even good enough for that
pakistani s pm goes to restaurant where sanjeev kapoor is cook
sanjeev kapoor comes to namo to cook his dinner laughing
rajdeep is hungry and angry at the reception modi is getting. can you get off twitter and fix him some dinner?
madad govt portal for help
no doubt about that!
is it possible for pm modi to isolate pakistan not just in the global community but among the islamic nations as well? ge
avoidable.but relieved that namo under no illusions of amankiasha or nobelprize vis a vis terroristan like mms
modi top priority should be to develop eastern and north eastern parts of the country. have any pm of past perceived it?
today 1 aed 17.8 inr. where will you get tea for aed 0.056? oh! wait... runs to remit money
modi jee you are inspiration for every walks of life
i never heard any speech of modi or may be any political leader
i read a tweet like once a modi fan always a modi fan
he is meeting kindred spirits should go north korea next and complete the narcissistic psychopathic world leaders tour
this is to be etongueected in modi s india .
modi in dubai i don t care if modi talked facts tonite or not but his speech was music to the ears smiley !! presstitutes will disagree as usual
can u please ask what is there view on terrorism on which modi clearly shows his vision towards pakistan.
even opposition endorses his efforts though the political limitations pull them back accepting it publicly.
indian pm modi delivered a speech in dubai addressing the indian etongueats...
what a humble man and what a quality...
why so? what s the logical reason other than it helps india s image thereby modi s internationally?
its the modi effect.
not yet. vote on the poll narendra modi? on modi is the best prime minister in india itim.es fy5d via
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra sps
really happy feeling due to minister of india narendra modi is give speach very better and helpful of citizen
pm modi at dubai cricket stadium indian national anthem played at uae
i m unable to understand your problem, why are you guys suddenly ultra anti modi and trying to find mistakes in his every move
what namo did in 15 months?125 million people finally got a representative and a proper leader. namo in dubai
stop hating modi..start loving india..else we will have no oposition vry soon
this man can give the biggest actors on the planet some tough competition. at his best...
modi in dubai seeing this crowd i think modi may even create madison square moment in lahore also...
wat modi is doing is tht he is invoking the long slept pride of indians, empowering them rather thn keeping weak thru subsidies
na mo for prime minister for as long as he is in politics.
sheikh after modi speech
modi in dubai unprecedented. unbelievable. this is something we can call as stupendous. namo is a true world leader! proud!
mam with all respect i want to say it seems you are becoming a psycho. how long you will hold grudge against modi for his win
50,000 attendant s in dubai sports stadium listening to modi s speech modi in dubai
what else he intended to do? use a rss, bajrang dal, vhp or shiv sena slogans?!?
whatever happens to india or modi, your dear congress party is on path of destruction.
rightly said for delhi sarkar.
place which clean by our beloved prophet and his companions from all these evils and idol ship there uae govt. allow modi to make temple
congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments national news zeenews
fantastic, outstanding speech by our honourable pm narendra modi in uae. modi in dubai
photo caption the prime minister, shri narendra modi at the indian community reception, in dubai cricket...
last para his speach gave dukhi aatmas stnrong msg, this govt cares abt indians and pios anywhere in the world...hail namo !!
take a break maam, chill. pls accept that modi is popular like no other indian politician, after vajpayee
5lakhscrore invest from modi s visit past govt earn for them by corruption modi earns for nation by negotiations.
the best one from modi after madison square garden smiley modi in dubai
pm indirectly nailed for nurturing terrorism and terrorists. modi fail modi in uae modi in uae namo in dubai marhaba namo
ndtv the government of india has created an online platform madad to assist all of you as well as an e migrant portal pm modi in dub
....outstanding words for him... mr. modi really deserves the sikander title! !!
powerful and a very witty speech by in dubai.
world should think on the subject of terrorism mention by pm modi.
when modi speech going on how can u sleep.
in one dinner, modi make these jihadist eat pure veg! imagine what will happen if namo shift there and eat with them for rest of life!!
was that for modi ji??
bhakts are unbelievable. first they abuse sheiks now they are proud of modi for clicking selfies with the same sheikhs. w
adarsh liberals after modi s speech modi in dubai
we are proud of our pm
awesome speech of modi g at dubai ...!!! people s ki problem ko smjte...!!!! we love we love modi d...!!!
modi in uae pm modi, you spoke amazing. very inspiring and we all believe in you.
namo sent out a warning blast for malayali politricians from dubai. hope they are taking heed.
geat... now modi is not modi but. the great modi
pm modi thankful to the uae govt for their decision to allot land in order to build a temple in abu dhabi.this is a great step.
excellent connect, touching all issues of specific relevance to the indian diaspora in dubai modi.. modi...modi....
guyz can someone plz share a video of his today s speech... humble request from a modi fan.. modi in dubai
ha. ha. ha. that moment when script hoes wrong!
eyes like to see only modi not star mega star or actor director and others .
just for ur hint do u know nationality of raja ki rani smiley
everybody knows that modi s backhand team is good at event management. much hype amp little substance
i love the way namo said samajhne walle samajh jayenge pakistan beware. modi in dubai avi j
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in pm modi
v r with u .......carry on modi ji
wat will u do wd the slogan sir
these days news channels are focusing on two personalities for trp ride.
2 radhe maa
aaj stadium me only modi 2 watching narendra modi
because she is not safe in india .
in one dinner, modi make these jihadist eat pure veg! imagine what will happen if namo shift there and eat with them for re
today is the sad day for pak, indian congress, aap, lutyens media and seculars. modi roared in dubai. modi in dubai
nawaz shareef would have put all the pieces back into shape with an apology from modi, a few sarees and mangoes
the one man modi only can say openly about so loudly..!! modi in dubai take a bow
narendra modi one of the amp most viewed ceos amp in india linkedin ache din
congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments ache din
that veiled dig at pakistan was a good one from modi. laudable! samajhdaron ko ishara kaafi.! modi in dubai
for me the most imp modi did in dubai is to etongueose pakistan in gulf world. modi in dubai
guys watch the modi in dubai live streaming here! it s breath taking this to help smiley
great pm of india modi he will take india to development and we will be huge powerful nation.
amazing speech by mr. prime minister modi world best leader........
modi in uae if michael jackson was rockstar of 20th centuary.... narendra modi is rockstar of 21st centaury.... what a speech !
now, congress will demand why modi didn t offer namaz amp have roja. congress is looking topic less. modi in uae
. thanks uae for allotting plot for temple
yes...let s introduce pushpak viman and its technology
modi in dubai modi.... modi... modi... heard it? proud to be an indian.
nationalist !!
prime minister modi manages to get uae on board against pakistan sponsored debate.on this the whole country stand with modi.this is our pm!
in cricket stadium 13 players are in ground but chears the whole stadium but this time one man show.modi modi ................
every time i hear namo speak, i wonder how did we manage to survive 10yrs of poor mms eloquence!!
great speech by modi...i am not fan of bjp, but i am liking the vision on someone called modi
superb speech by my pm
we are lucky that we have narendra modi as pm.
and thank you prince of uae for so much respect
whimping crying on the shoulders of after modi speech. some ppl will remain dogtail. modi in dubai
even when a section in bjp itself want to teach modi a lesson in bihar, owaisi caught out of tune
benchmark for a pm set by my modi, ongoing process....now, any one after him will be viewed through modi lens. smiley
mr modi v left u in 1947 to follow allah and his prophet, v never left u to join u again.
according to not a single person in this world knew about india before..and after 1 years under modi everyone knows..lol
i am not a member in any political party but i like modi as pm .dont know why it maybe my faith he can do something
the reason why indians chosen him as our pm modi in dubai modi magic
after modi s specatular blasting innings now its turn for extra innings by adarsh liberals on msm to find fault modi in dubai
drinking game down your drink every time modi uses the rule of three.
capiche, capiche, capiche? points to everyone listening
inspired by pm modi speech from dubai sports stadium today.
those who debated why modi didn t wear skull cap, aren t debating why he touched a skull cap wearing man s feet!
business amp trade matters more than ummah bull shit. but we are zarra hut kay.
modi is the best among all current politicians when it comes to deliver speech ,
but still cant match atal bihari vajpayee
5836 days of silence to all etongueerts who thought tht bilateral ties with d middle east wud take a hit if modi becomes th
in morning a challange has been laid out pl show video where modi promised 15 lakhs but th
no pakistan name in speech of shri narendra modi sir. awesome sir..
great
the bollywood tone of the speech cannot be understated samajhne wale samajh jayenge in reference to terrorism . get that,pakistan?
media may actually support modi next time too. whenever he tours, they get a trip too. modi in dubai
, shortage of 108 ....pls call up 108 fast many are in coma after modi modi chant from mos
you are the people who have worked hard..., modi said addressing thousands of etongueatriate
u can tweet now. coz
. reports of sightings of a modi wave on pluto by voyager cannot be confirmed at this time. very happy
exactly mam, and as you know mr modi has that oratorical skill to convince and attract people. a magician, he is with words.
i like a discussion modi ji in dubai on modi ji in dubai via
modi in uae give pride to each indian voter by telling that greeting of modi is greeting to every indian, not to single person
ha ha ha... sir. they will use even mobile internet to tweet mr modi s speech was boring.
pm modi speech in dubai tv debaters envy,indians pride.
namo knows where to speak and what to speak !!!
that is what makes him a true human being who treats everyone as another human being without seeing his religion
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united arab emirates has promised an...
no names, but pm modi s dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didn t mention pakistan, but he didn t need to. ...
i think he stressed on this bcoz of recent lalit modi passport issue?
modi also talked abt developing infrastructure 2 cnct nepal, india, bhutan amp bdesh and also as a way of cncting india to the east. good stuf
narendra modi has great vision but time will omly tell how much he can achieve.
modi magic..only one word to say.. respect .. modi in dubai
they are busy in blocking one by one in twitter....
modi, modi chantings in full swing in dubai leading to burnol sales in full swing in delhi. modi in dub
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi
no names, but pm modi s dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didn t
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of
sad that everyone in my family are modi bhakts , anyways chidaane ke time mazaa ata hai
trolling himself. book launch hero, today zero, star modi, bekar himself, i am the best old monk effect
modi is probably indias best nri pm. all the right sound bites bites abroad,complete viscous in india
modi you proved why you popular.in dubai stadium it looked like u r celebrity.now you fill a energy in india blood.....
are u listening our pm namo ? country who supports terrorism shuldn t get any inte
nothing much... bas tp ... heard modi s speech
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united...
good terror, bad terror, this won t work 5 quotes from pm speech a frenzied crowd chanted modi, modi...
visits to a nation which describes itself as islamic monarch
made 70,000 people say bharat mata ki jai
that s modi style.
i love modi s speech unstopable...........
no names, but pm modi s dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didn t mention pak...
hey u want burnol.. or wil u buy it ur self.. ur pappu cant give half a modi ji gives..
joint statement betwen the united arab emirates amp the republic of india
what a speech !!! take a bow pm modi
no matter wat the orator in is enough to keep you spellbound ... wat a public speaker
dear , you do see where you went wrong? no? okay...
good news !!!
modi in uae arnab, pls understand that tom vadakkal will never acknowledge anything positive in matters involving pm modi...
it
best quote in modi s speech we don t look at the colour of passport. the colour of our blood is enough modi in dubai
ndtv crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi
and the modi dilemma continues underachiever within the motherland,overachiever whenever he sets foot outside of india.
meanwhile mr modi has taught the world that only a gujju can enter a grand mosque and get a temple passed modi in dubai
plz start finding faults, shortcomings of modi s visit and speech. it is need of tje hour.
modi thrilled that crown prince received him. indiraji was received by the king himself shows the class and status of modi
dear , what has visit to uae mosque got to do with indian muslims?
how is it a balm for gujrat riots?
4.5 lakh crore 70 billion usd
modi in uae rocked it. saw the live speech. na mo
you should be ashamed of yourselves that this is still not been resolved!
indians know modi very well. that s why he spends more time with nris.
media debates modi makes good event everywhere but i say modi is itself a event modi in dubai
he called indian people as slaves of gulf... what the hell...
after donating whole gujarat to adani now turn of india modi in dubai
incorrigible feku.
the twosome who still stuck with gujarat lol
does modi seriously think will pick over ? arabs are as communal as the rss.
watched sir narendra modi s speech in uae feeling greatful ..no one is like sir modi.. .
very funny abt rahul gandhi s 3monkey
modi equates his own bred ttp with afghan taliban in dubai. he funds one to kill innocents while others fight occupied forces.
i think pakis will try to replicate modi rally with imran khan or some one else. modi in dubai
the i day address by modi is as usual big boasting and no action !!
love u modi ji god bless u
i added a video to a playlist modi address indian diaspora at dubai cricket stadium
u want bjp to lose...because u hate modi.
giriraj singh said if our prime minister was modi we wud hav reached lahore on death of soldiers while rule of upa in j amp k
i just don t understand what congress is saying. pm modi spoke the truth
my column this issue went to print before indradhanush was announced. so more on it next time
now you will cry now saying modi is trying to saffronise uae..tongue
13 do you think modi is giving more importance to religious issues rather than indias development?
modi ji oratorical skills imbibes the dubai ites. for sure, image of our nation has build up internationally.
we are victims of terrorism for 40 years. innocent people have lost their lives modi modi in dubai
touch wood,our pm is best pm ever
burr din also for political dons.
pm modi enthralls an entire cricket stadium full of people in dubai. amazing!
due to narendra modi first time in history,dubai roared bharath matha ki jai
modi doesn t refer to script..he refers to notes .only rarely coz u don t need scripts to display ur passion.u need a good soul nationalism
great news! by the way, is modi ji bringing dawood back in his own flight or booked another one for him?
amazing crowd shouting modi modi modi! dear u want these ppl 2 enter parliament namo rocks in dubai
uae alot land for temple, pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple.
modi ji babri masjid banwado ab in good gesture
modi is not batting for any party, modi is working for india and all indians,that is the difference
na mo s speech over,a sheepish ravish kumar is back with his dogmatic antics! marhaba namo
pm narendra modi holds talk with uae crown prince sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan the economic times
modi in dubai how twitterati reacted to narendra modis dubai visit via
yes..i am proud of modi and my country
india s premier, narendra modi receives warmed welcome in uae.
vote jkt48id thatbrownlady yes. fabulous. hindutava terrorism will be condemned just as islamist terrorism is. gooooo modi!! modi in d
indeed a great crowd puller and a fantastic speaker na mo is a magician..... modi in dubai
sir i think u r in your own anti modi dreams. no handle is showing empty stadium. god bless your hatred
modi in dubai the largest non sport even at a cricket stadium. 50k ppls.hv to believe bcos it was d rocksatr modi
my take away from today s speech.
modi in uae congress can t do it and can t digest the success of namo in uae.
by the time modi retire world will be two segments 1. admire modi 2. hate pak. he will etongueose pak all way.
ya modi wave over. it s modi storm now in desert
such morons will end up their whole life chasing modi
balloons released after s speech modi in dubai
modi in dubai m rly proud tht i lve in sch cntry whr namo is r pm
i wud lyk 2 thnx ol my brdrs amp sstrs who gthrd der
innocent animal get to live one more day thanks to great namo!! jai hind modi in dubai modi magic
as modi ji said the decision will be taken before his term ends so that s why i am asking for some more patients
congratulations pm narendra modi ji for getting permission for temple at abu dhabi and investments worth 4.5 lac crores
jai hind !!!!
only modi who knows he is unattractive will get such stories written. rajiv didn t have this problem
after 25 years of bjp rule in gujarat half of which under shri. modi this is
every time i hear namo speak, i wonder how did we manage to survive 10yrs of poor mms eloquence!! modi in dubai
well come to and we wish you all the best modi in dubai
goahead modi
modi in dubai a messiah, true leader and a great statesman who is changing the world s perspective towards india !!
namo ki jai!!!!
india proud of etongueatriates
whatever twists turns media does. truth will always win and it will and did come out. jai hind. india feels blessed to have a pm like modi
that sense of pride you feel each time you watch mr.modi speak and the crowd s reaction to it is just so amazing.
prime minister modi speaking to a 50000 strong crowd in dubai today.
may be modi thinks prime ministership is akin to a bollywood movie. act as much as you can. throw in some item numbers as well.
has allegedly said that if his silence is being perceived as arrogance then, he is an arrogant !
hello mandbuddhi
you were bitching when modi gave less than 1 bn to mongolia. now he brought 75 bn from uae
14 has modi kept his promise of bringing achhe din in india?
live it took 34 yrs for an indian pm to visit uae, says modi hindustan times hindustan
exactly. modi magic whole congress is short of burnol supply.
the modi effect!!! !!
tries justifying his visit by raising temple in uae issues. why this person always need to double speak. stop chest thumping.
you should be ashamed of yourselves that this has still not been resolved!
there is something so wrong in the way the indian media portrays na mo. he s the indian pm only when he is in foreign land.
what a speech by at cricket stadium .proud to have a prime minister like sri narendra modi sir modi in dubai
cbn bent his head on feet of modi to save in note4vote case. .modi also suprts corrptn. clear indication. ppl shd understand abt this
modi talking of dangers of terrorism is like a nazi talking and crying of dangers and sufferings of jews jumla king modi modi shames india
it s modi magic
pray that modi rules for next 19 years and your dream will come true
unfollowed modi on facebook amp twitter. i ve my friends to post selfies.
a positive media don t make make u a best pm ... mr. modi ...
new iowa gop poll
modi 35
trump 22
carson 14
walker 9
cruz 8
fiorina, huckabee 7
jeb, rand, rubio 5
good taliban bad taliban, good terror bad terror. this wont work. a decision has to be taken. are you with terrorism or with humanity modi
great, now if only modi can start doing this in his own country as well. great place to start.
that s the effect na mo has.
paid rss swamsewak in skullcaps at dubai stadium chanting moddi modi is a clear proof that muslims are not safe in dubai.
mohammed receives indian pm modi his highness sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, vice president and prime...
online platform madad needed to save indian men from
according to me, modi doesn t choose words as well as abv or sushma does. but then, he connects with the masses anyway.
yahi tho scam hai!
everytime modi said crown prince somewhere in delhi a youth icon was going meee, meee . modi in dubai
cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill with gst, the trading community will also ge...
i think all the nri s will feel that they are in india even if its for 1 day if there is community reception by modi!!!!
why modi chant coming from 10, janpath, new delhi modi indubai
what a historical speech by modi here in dubai
he could have been elected earlier
missed almost 68 years
modi visited mosque in abu dhabi.
uae announced land for temple
aadarsh liberals
you were bitching when modi gave less than 1 bn to mongolia. now he brought 75 bn from ua
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi via
keep this enthusiasm up india really need innocent hearted ppl and namo friend like u
ediot aaptard thanvi trying his level best to criticize modi,s uae visit, bt as the poor nature of aapiyan they r fools
when pm modi speaks the world listens.. each n every word of his hs so much substance tht it make our country proud of him alwz modi in dubai
even in that channel, lion or tiger visual would remind him of namo. safe bet for him is pogo.
let s have the truth. a statement from your office would be welcome
etp pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple there are nearly 2.6 million indians in uae. a ...
etp cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill with gst, the trading community will als...
...some people are bound to oppose whatever modi says...modi rocks ..jai bharat
live modiin uae pm modi concludes his speech at dubai, read all about it here
wat a great n brave speech given by my pm namo. i m deeply listening his speech each n every line.he s d prson who cnnct pepl very sharply
has pm modi reached out to the muslim world? india videos
modi is undoubtly the best pm till date modi in dubai
but modi fans sucks...
this is another jumla sir..
jumla master
awesome wow modi ji
excerpts of pms remarks at the roundtable meeting with business leaders at masdar city na mo
modi forgot to click a selfie with barack. barack sulked
joint statement between the united arab emirates and the republic of india na mo
pm condemns the blast in bangkok na mo
modi modi ...sir you are the only celebrity leader in world politics........now no one are to compare with you .you are great.
why are people of india getting frustrated with modi? mere rhetoric?
amazing mr.modi every single person of india has proud feel jai hind......
modi is undoubtedly one of the best orators our country has ever had! modi in dubai
he don t know how to maintain prestige of our country...
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights ndtv ndtv i am witnessing a mini ind...
credit chor na mo with fake credit giver madhu kishwar land was given in 2013 modi announces another hindu jumla modi in u
if modi is the troll king.. u r his best disciple
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights ndtv ndtv i am witnessing a mini india here, s... google news
died laughing.
now that proves why modi is the best politician in the country at present
sir you could find these two people to discuss modi s speech.
modi ji is 1st pm to visit uae.
before him only idiots visited uae. two such idiots were vajpayee and manmohan.
modi s visit has made dubai forget happy new year modi in dubai
the bollywood tone of the speech cannot be understated samajhne wale samajh jayenge in reference to terrorism . get th
crown prince of and pm joint statement creating a comprehensive strategic partnership
raghu is not happy with rockstar tag going to modi
modi in uae modi is de most emotionally intelligent politician.are rahul n his mom match him.his oration was wonderful. congress shud welcom
good taliban, bad taliban... this won t work.decide are you with terrorism or with humanity? , says pm modi modi in dubai
to understand modi ji s pure intention requires a healthy mind filled with nation devotion and h.umanity
narendra modi highlights indias humanitarian role in nepal ,when earthquake jolted the country
d fire cud hv been doused on 14th eve now its never too late to visit them
dubai has created a magnetic power of development wich has attracted ppl even from colder countries to call it der home . modi
good night !!
have a modi dreams to all
once again hard slap who thinks modi is anti muslim and muslim don t like him. indian muslim are true patriotic
when will modi visit kerala!
modi in dubai live indian prime addresses the gathering
when pm modi speaks the world listens.. each n every word of his hs so much substance tht it make our country proud of h
truly say, that after modi speech run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run
never been to a political rally all my life. this is my first, the urge to watch our pm modi speak modi in dubai
has shut up so many neighbors in one shot! not to forget 4500 lakh crore!!
modiin uae congress z always having with our pm they never like n tolerate others in power modi best achievement in 2 day tour
pm modi s secure cooperative vision of saarc in dubai gives a huge hope to violence wracked mid east amidst withdrawal of western powers
very true. we all know what a pretentious acted out showbaaji wwf wwe is. nothing real
indian politics is the new bollywood.
international begger bhikari
wait a second you guys. your tweets are suggesting modi is speaking malyalam!?!?!?! is that so? is there anything this guy can
what a start to monday s prime time.. no politician shouting at each other as everybody was listening modi in dubai uniting speech by pm modi
he hasn t realised that most shoulders he is rubbing belong to loyal bjpians.. can t see beyond that!!
in one dinner, modi make jihadi eat pure veg! imagine what happen if namo shift there and eat with them for rest of life! modi in dubai
what a speech modi ji!!
prime minister modi manages to get uae on board against pakistan sponsored debate.on this the whole country stand with modi.thi
hariom panvar should be declared rashtra kavi.why narendra damodar modi is waiting .
if can get bck to during his tenure it will b the biggest coup namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai modi in dubai
modi wave allover the world modi in dubai modi magic
a word of advice to all those who are not that into modi don t switch on the tv tonight
india s modi visits uae labor camp, underscores concern over worker welfare
good taliban bad taliban, good terror bad terror. this wont work. a decision has to be taken. are you with terrorism or
a direct flight is operating sharjah to varansi for a long time now so why there is a news that modi ji has arranged it with uae government?
when a person shakes hand with modi, that person shakes hands with 1.25 crore indians amp with the fast growing economy of india namo in dubai
nris demanding abolition of ipc 498a during modi s speech in uae
what an awesome speech by god modi!!!!!
after speech of namo modi in dubai see the frustration of rajdeep sardesai a journo of india today....he need burnol
that s the reason why modi not speak in india on 15th august.. he want world should liston him. great mind.
dubai cricket stadium has so hosted 17 odis, and now 1 modi. modi in dubai
dont tweet posts of terrorism mastermind modi coward rat..
extremely liked the modi speech..he achieved the unachievable.goosebumps stuff. modi in dubai
this is bcoz uae wants to tell him a mosque is a sacred place. modi devil should think much before destroying it smiley
not if he s got some grip on modi. was astounded that this loser from.amritsar initially got both fin amp def. beyond logic.
modi in uae proud to hv a pm like mr.modi for our country. his vision so holistic wl certainly take india to greatest heights ever.
cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill
today is a live example that modi is not limited to a community or religion he is loved by all indians.. modi in uae
modi ji always show his positive attitude and he is true leader of our nation
congress is trying to invent why they could not think like modi. but they forget that their time was mostly wasted at 10 jan path.
modi talking of dangers of terrorism is like a nazi talking and crying of dangers and sufferings of jews jumla king mod
that enthusiasm is a result of some good event management by modi. the only thing he s good at!
some key points from modi s speech which will or can benefit common citizens
nripress congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments
pm modi s secure cooperative vision of saarc in dubai gives a huge hope to violence wracked mid east amidst withdrawal of
mohammed receives indian pm modi
you ain t no world leader till you get a namo hug, biatch! namaste potus
fabulous work from prime minister modi.i would etongueect to congratulate the pm on what modi has achieved.jolly good show sir!
namo wished keralites on the newyear. per elections in kerala may be held ahead of time. sick.
long live our lion , our modi
namo moment of the speech was samajhnewaale samajh gaye hain.. all idiots from pak, dawood amp desh drohis
shrewd games by modi shah.
let owaisi enter each state and contest and split all anti bjp muslim votes.
bjp will not attack
pls dont etongueect that in the next 5 10yrs. there aint any modi like personality who indians would cheer for. btw, use burnol
not a devotee.but i will say his speeches are becoming longer.always seems to be in election mode.modi melodrama.
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi ndtv marhaba modi namo in dubai
tom vadakan and congress are clean bowled with modi s delivery. congress to hang themselves in shame.
a direct flight is operating sharjah to varansi for a long time now so why there is a news that modi ji has arranged it wi
because he wants chanting of modi every where
now you will cry now saying modi is trying to saffronise uae...tongue
where is the thirty lakhs you promised us if modi becomes pm?
congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments the congress party on zee news
pm modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential prime minister narendra zee news
i have never seen this type of inthusiasm any political leader before modi ji salute sir
itne mae chota bheem ke 2 episode ho jaaye
may be conducting air safety drill using a drone.. btw check out modi live, kaafi bari bari baatein seekh ke aye hain dubai tongue
fight for prime time slot with namo telecast at the same time...
who d have thought? the same internet hindus who identified modi as pm material in 2005 09 period itself re
if congress wants to even come close to modi they have to speak as effectively as modi does modi in dubai
in india when you oppose modi ji then people will treat you as pro congressi...
for what are we praising him......
while congis started their politics on modi s speech..
the policy of against is clearly not p bt on neutral ground i must say that modi is the leader needs. modi in dubai
only possible in a party like bjp that person hailing from the teli community was chosen for the pm seat. sushil modi
live uae agrees to invest 4.5 lakh crore in india modi via
that because n sharif is not an idiot like pm modi ji, see how n sharif made a deal with china, 12 submarine
when a person shakes hand with modi, that person shakes hands with 1.25 crore indians amp with the fast growing economy of i
and the funny thing is we ve never had a pm so dissociated from his party as na mo or a leader that strong.
hash
wine wine a new baron in bordeaux aug 4, 2015 narendra modihas an agenda of his own. this post has been generat...
modi gave less than 1 bn to mongolia, brought 75 bn 4m uae.
so true......there is no good or bad mukti bahani......no, what do u say chai wala modi ??????
modi is such a rock star. mesmerizing speaker.
modi needs to stop sleeping and getting fat.
crowd cheers jai as pm modi says, bharat mata ki concludes his speech ua evisit
underworld don modi
i know they have nothing to do and no one listens to them anymore but the congress should give credit to modi when it is due.
proud of indians settled, working in uae pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said india is prou...
marhaba namo in 10 things you must know india, news zipped news
screw the politics !! u really want india not to progress so that ur ego is satisfied by seing modi lose ? shameful this is
if u clapped for sir during the speech, even while watching on tv..!!
modi in dubai jai hind
remarkable speech by namo which also focused our problems, namo a true amp great leader.
lattoo republic modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but its too early to celebrate ... the irfanism
modi in uae tom vadakan is highly intelligent to finds lots of gaps in modi in uae. why he failed with his wisdom when cong was in power?
lattoo republic live modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against te... the irfanism
enjoying foreign trip selfi pm at the cost of peoples money anarchist modi
ye modi ka trend faltu me ho rha isko htao
brothers winning hearts ko top par laao
. marhabba namo after nepal japan china usa now you rocks in dubai. proud to have pm lik u
dna live modiin uae pm modi concludes his speech at dubai, read all about it here
scintillating speech in dubai modi ji eu like plan unravelling in front of our eyes in asia with india as the leader.
even modi reads and deliver speech htt
why shouldn t india be proud? we have a leader who is making dubai feel like india!! sweet dreams mr !!
hehehe! the condition of so called secular people in india after modi s visit to sheikh zayed mosque
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple there are nearly 2.6 million indians in uae. a number ...
true that...!! cant even remember any frankly... modi in dubai
more than 70k people attended the speech!
persona of modi is become so huge and bigger whichleads to two conclusions either we will be at the verge of next superpower...1 2
modi in dubai awesome words by namo in dubai. brainless congress people will not understand your effort in developing the country.
people who are losing the places will always be busy in finding the faults of bjp modi ji keep on finding and let us know how pure you r
bharat mata ki jai is consistently that pm namo does all over we have seen first time like this in our generations
as it is,modi belongs to rss fold which shied away frm freedom struggle.so where s d questn of fervr 4nationl anthem
dubai stadium swarmed by people for modis speech watch dubai stadium swarmed by people for
an excellent speech in a convivial atmosphere
namo meet indian people in dubai
modi saheb is asking 4proof of his innocence
wow u did it again , modi digra . u rocked . why indians love modi because he is a true nationalist , non corrupted , born leader .
modi ji makes every indian proud
nice view by modi ji
pm narendra modi meets workers at
oh god..
somebody tell him he represents pm of india..insult kr rkhi h
the one thing to know about me, if at all, is that i m apolitical.. not a modi bhakt modi troll.. but language! seriously...
this called going way overboard
won t be surprised if modi does a mujra!
modi in dubai after nehru, it is pm modi who has such a way with the audience! if he gets the diaspora to contribute more, then job done!
indian sickular will allege has saffronise indonesia
india, u.a.e. plan 75 billion fund as modi seeks investment via
burnol moment seeing muslims cheering for modi!! your days gone now old man!!!
brilliant speech in uea but pls modi ji pls help sikh people amp opportunity and my advice to rahul amp and keji learn from modi
can raga can speak even 1 of wat modi spoke?open ur eyes jha..its never too late.btw, did u chge raga s diapers,he wud hv pee d?
.... 20 billion investment that is much more important than any no nonsense pr event of pm modi ji
true...........
morons listening closely 2 wht namo is speaking. hats offf 2 u 4 making thm hear. jai hind
hatsoff to this energetic government and mr modi that s what is commitment.raising india.proud to be an indian modi in dubai
trolling himself. book launch hero, today zero, star modi, bekar himself, i am the best old mo
modi in dubai burnol moment for modi haters
does anyone know what is taking about nagaland? he is just drawing lines in the air! modi in dubai
mean while pakistan still searching for a speaker to rebut modi. modi in dubai
no ...
amp also not to india s development...
marhaba namo.....
truly exceptional speech in dubai...
narendra modi asks, are you with terrorism or with humanity? the same question has to be raised against , are you with humanity?
m a hindu rss pracharak n a bjpian anything else ..liking or disliking modi ji is not the issue promises made
those who underrated modi s independence speech must be feeling ashamed after hearing today s speech.modi knows how to revenge modi in dubai
deep pain namo not said pakistan name in speech....dear anchor actually he said ...he said napaak
india is my first love that s why i love modi modi in dubai modi in uae
little late sir , modi ji is just about to leave from there tongue
may be modi thinks prime ministership is akin to a bollywood movie. act as much as you can. throw in some item numbers as
modi in dubai modi means serious business. he is a down to earth person and liked by every true indian.
pm narendra modi concludes his speech at dubai cricket stadium modi inuae via ani news
but unftntly the msm is not covrng it. then it bcms modi s duty to bring it to evrbdy s notice
pm narendra modi waves at the gathering at dubai cricket stadium modi in uae via ani news
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin pm modi, with over one million followers,
haha strange frist he deny the hindu extremist are insulating prophet muhammad saw them he denied modi involvement
not a fan of modi but i really like his trolling skills.
a feast. world has become aficionado of modi. marhaba modi
narendra modi s secret weapon via
dont know modi have muslim support or bori muslim s support. modi in dubai
narendra modi the rockstar
we salute you..
i think this would be recorded as the most hollow speech modi ever gave on foreign soil.
who really cares if he...
pm modi at dubai cricket stadium indian national anthem played at uae via
modi rockstar what a quality speech! modi in uae
pakistan in danger of being isolated.pak sponsored terror clearly the target of india uae joint statement.only modi has managed to do it!
a group in bihar united with their corrupted money and minds tries to show bjp as communal.
uae invites modi and sanctions land for temple.
pm modi is such a good guy i hope we get someone like him as president
actually the diff..but i believe don t compare our legendary pm with idiots.our pm is way ahead of these musafirs!!
modi should have sung main hoon hero tera song for dubai people instead of delivering such a long speech modi in dubai
offstumped dubai modi fied and electrified
we want kohinoor diamond from england. ............... i think it is possible to modi sir
hraja bjp na mo rocks in dubai
hindu temple being built dubai after visit of modi shows how thinks have changed these same country which had harboured dawood
sir modi, this is just a beginning. ..god bless india
u think u wl get more footage when modi has just concluded his speech!!!
sanjayvaze it took only 70 mins to travel nepal. but v took 17 years to visit nepal
sapnaagarwal00 drsweta148
nidh
the narendra modi magic in indria gandhi
narendramodi. marhabba namo after nepal japan china usa now you rocks in dubai. proud to have pm lik u
marhaba namo ji
what a great speech. u concerned the world.
the temple will be built in abu dhabi in 2013 so why there is news that modi ji has arranged it with uae govt?
modi in dubai sometime back congies had asked why modi wants to go to pakistan. he replied today. any dispute can be resolved
we had a who never spoke ,we have a who never ends speaking ,extremity is always bad!!
you sickularist will cry now saying modi is trying to saffronise uae...
only pm modi can do.gr8 sir.
stop no listening to cong seculars amp end
modi tweets a lot. doesn t he? and mostly irrelevant stuff
development is the need of the hour in east and north east india we are bolstering infrastructure in the region pm mod
great achievement yet again!! modi!!
modi ji ne uae main bhi cong ko kosne kaa kaam nahi choda. modi sir if u think tat you can t do anything with majority gov
one thing i learnt from the applause modi got indians are everywhere. modi in dubai
well done early morning congress attacked modi saying on 5 billion dollar investment from dubai now it went to 75 bn dollars.
achievement of narendra modi s uae visits
1. beginning of the end of the terrorism dawood is one part of it,...
pls don t forget this promise mr. prime minister
watching arnab goswami wait and watch on namo in uae
proding movements when audience chears modi modi in abudhabi and bharat mata ki jai in uae.thanks modiji and thanks uae peoples.
16 do you agree with modi governments pakistan policy?
what do you mean by what? when modi speaks, logic quits.
media presstitutes need cash to write about pm s achievements.they used to get funds from upa amp not nda.
modi did not sing national anthem during the modi in dubai event...
atleast some topic for adarsh liberals to outrage over...!
prime minister narendra modi is on a two day visit to the uae and at present he is in dubai. presently he is...
you mean modi represent 1.25 crore indians?
modi in uae opposition has nothing to say. advice to opposition record critics of modi and play in every debates. it will save energy.
modi in dubai is a genuine effort. if destiny is war world shouldn t blame us for pakistan less planet.
narendra modi highlights historic indo bangladesh land swap deal
pm modi gave a clear signal to pakistan about terrorism indubai
marhabba namo...
after nepal japan china usa now you rocks in i am proud we have pm like you jaihind...
100 true, bhai
modi managed to isolate pak even among arab nations who today becoz of is are as wary of terrorists as we are.
in one dinner, modi make jihadi eat pure veg! imagine what happen if namo shift there and eat with them for rest of life!
he loves sheikh... that s why
narendra modi speaks his heart out. his vision is possible only if we support him in strength.
no since he took charge as pm , everything became sooo etongueensive ..
modi in dubai speech was well.but if pm modi refuse to develop the investment into fruitful outcome then we ll suffer.huge investment by uae
because maha rana narendra pratap modi, and he alone, is supposed to be the bringer of all things good amp hindu ...
after sachin sachin chants modi modi gave indians goosebumps modi in dubai loved the speech jai hind
matchless dear leader
no no u r right. was banned by usa for mass killing in gujarat. oh i forgot its not pakistan but modi jee.
a powerful speech which made a namo wave in dubai and as well as in india. amp thank you ,sir for the greetings for malayali !
meanwhile sagarika,rana ,alka, barkha, rajdeep and 49 others hv set
jal jal ke dhuan ho rahe hum as their caller tune
oh it s strange but true some reporter of accepted today s truth about modi in dubai
modi in uae good to see our muslim brethren vouching for pm modi. india s success knows no religion.
we are proud that namo is our leader and pm. long live modiji
went off twitter? all ambani cia tv hiding? dubai rally a stamp of india in me. china has , india modi?
anybody heard of the tectonic shift in strategic balance after modi ji ended his historic tour of mongolia? no? me neither.
pm narendra modi addresses around 50,000 peopl at the indian community reception held at the dubai cricket...
my friend says
is a patriotic statesman
nawaz sharif is a selfish businessman
again a heart winning speech given by primer minister narendra modi ...
some wonderful campaigns
some as usual over hype things
some marketing of course
and bhaiyo aur bhehno
speech khatam. yaaaaay modi.
masterful and inspiring speech by the best ever prime minister of india !!! hats off narendra modi sir !!! love...
didnt you watch modi s speech?
politicians make for the best memes. from modi to putin to trump
those who indulge in terror must be punished and this is the message that has resonated from here today pm modi in dubai !!
greece watch hundreds of violent muslims attack each other tomorrow you will be the target
my jihad islam modi
crowd cheers jai as pm modi says, bharat mata ki concludes his speech at dubai stadium
to me is the biggest superstar of bollywood, draws more fans then any khan.who says is best actor shd watch namo.
pm modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential
modi read out facilities at end. speech was extempore.
no subsidy on burnool.
we will create connectivity between india,nepal,bhutan,bangladesh modi. seculars worry as he didn t mention pakistan
let me remind u guys,u can have difference in opinion but if u r abusing na mo then basically u are insulting our own
you call modi supporters bhakts, i salute your true bhakti of sonia gandhi. man you and so called journos like you are bhakts
marhaba modi ka magic,
liberals sicklers aa ptards are having chest pain
mr modi,there were many hindus, christians, muslims, sikhs in dubai.not hindu alone
i love you namo
news24online crowd cheers jai as pm modi says, bharat mata ki concludes his speech at dubai stadium
modi learnt commitment frm me
rahul gandhi after na mo speech in alvida dosto, have to go on another vacation to plan another comeback
modi in dubai modi asked ambani adani planes to carry 50k ppl to dubai from rss shakhas..why are corporates paying for these rallies?..
modi receives tumultuous reception by indians in united arab emirates. his moral was 2 high n response was 2 resounding as well
dubai 17 aug 2015 the crown prince of...
69th year of independence is the time when took a u turn and modi when went berserk in
is all about and money money money for saffron causes not in s national interest but
i got modi
isnt modi wearing a chooridar pajama?
feel sorry for !! they electrified 5.8l villages out of 6l and now only few are left. marketing ability of modi would win it too!
narendra modi is powerful pm of india.
anybody heard of the tectonic shift in strategic balance after modi ji ended his historic tour of mongolia? no? me neit
another pr event successfully concluded in dubai cricket stadium . modi won by duckworth lewis method modi in dubai
pm modi gave a clear signal to pakistan about terrorism in dubai pm modi gave a clear signal to pakistan...
imagine,
for , this would be.....
uae agreed to increase funds for madrsas....
speech khata
its to early to say that,thr r more pak sympathisers than indian formobvious reasons
modi in uae pm modi, we all are with you.
its not modi s win its pak s incompetent rulers. look at in house bak bak jhik jhik they hv nothing to do with pak. very sad
pm narendra modi s uae visit, day 2 latest news
after the event..
1. shop at meena bazaar
2. dinner
3. some goodies
be so awesome that you unite all your haters. narendra modi.
well said modi ji. not seen this enthusiasm for a political leader before. modi in dubai
we love amp respect our pride pm modi....
haters, waste your time in hate.
bharat mata ki jai modi in dubai
yes... a case study for everyone...
what a speech modi ji salute
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown sps
narendra modi message to pakistan..fight terror or be isolated
what s going on? pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india get leads gt
drswamy assures to have ram temple in ayodhya and pm namo in abudhabi! great combination o
i also heard whole speech........jai hindi modi ji
saw modi ji s speech while representing india sourcing at magic las vegas. full of inspiration, what a leader amp great orator. proud of him
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights prime minister sps
no subsidy on burn
excellent speach... jay sree modi
bjp.....single hero movie....or you can say villain also.....modi ji
. aaptard modi actually wanted to tell everyone that a for adani comes before b for business wink
pakistanis are smart.only fool is who fools hindus smartly.
na mo in dubai namo rocks in dubai. power pack performance.
its time for modi haters to buy tonnes of burnol... because modi will keep you burning... lol
can i trust a guy who got tickets for an event where modi will address nri but this guy didn t check in anything in fb
well said..people keep on trying to defame the modi govt,many said this was paid audience but i never felt like that
modi in dubai modi in uae and address to nris is a security to all hindustani abroad.
suppose in the place of modi we stand pappu rahul for that type speech what happens haha
thats a good start...
modi in uae congress spokesman are so disturbed by pm modi global reach. they just won t to defame him.
modi in slams pm for foreign attack delhi, news zipped news
aug 2013 modi attacks manmohan for pak loc firing on 125 crore indians
2015 we re still 125 cr strong, amp pak is still firing.
modi b desh was
dealing with dirt,garbage and
sanity than i hv provided
broom by snatching it frm
..yes... more than 50,000 people r listing and watching mr. modi in uae..huge crowd! !!!...modi leher..
. thousand of indian work forcefully in middle east. they need help. they don t have passport there. do pl
modi in dubai the sharp condemnation of comunalism and terrorism. seems that modi had really no hand in 2002 riots.
sometimes modi acts like that neighbourhood aunty who praises her kids but always has bad things to say about other kids in the colony.
its a shame you cant see yourself the way i see you,the view is so much better from this side.
sickulars wil stil argue that thes r tradional modi supporters from gujrati muslim bora community !
just wondering how many would have needed for this kind of speech namo gave
will cry now saying modi is trying to saffronise uae.....tongue
talking taliban n terrorism but also telling pakistan to be in its limits in a muslim nation is what we call chappan inch ki chati modi
now the race beguns!!!
proud 2 have pm like
the most electrifying man in politics. if you smell what the namo is cooking. smiley
modi in a land of possibilities , news zipped news
very good speech of modi ji.. he is true social reformer.. top global leader.. the best pm ever. superb speech namo in dubai
pm modi really thankful to crown prince for proactively understanding amp sending bulk quantity of burnol shipment to pak! modi in dubai
india s honorable prime minister shree narendra modi implement india s own operating system b... via
modi covered up one and half hours of prime time on television
adds to media adarsh liberals frustration irritation !
9 dheerajgbc muslims of us australia canada uae chanting modi modi amp bldy sickulars congis amp aapturds asses on fire.
superb caption
very wel said but do u realise u r running d risk of being called a moron 4 comparing modi with these three.
also many a aadarsh liberal shall be disappointed because modi did not use a cheat sheet today namo in dubai
modi welcomed by70k mus. amp hin. in amp all matters had shared2our nr is by . its getting blast4r opposition. ab dekho yahan hota hai kya.
modi in dubai scintillating speech in dubai by modi ji eu like plan unravelling in front of our eyes in asia with india as the leader.
congress said modi visited masjid because of bihar election.. what a ideology!! modi in dubai
panch kranti after swachh bharat, modi govt. to launch accesible india to help differently abled people
i also love modi ji he is great man ever
we love modi in dubai
just the right platform to make an announcement about the new cricket league at the dubai cricket stadium. just the wrong modi. modi in dubai
dubai cricket stadium has 28000 capacity. how can it holds 70000 people. bjp and modi said lie .shame modi. dubai stadium not eden garden
when modi was talking about nepal, and the neighborly love, brought a tear in my eye. modi in dubai
got the first time in decades india projects it s real strength.after a long time modi acts like the pm!sour puss response from the congress
modi ..make ...mood talk ..tale amp talent. ..makeover. india ..orrr hangover. till morning ?
uae is loving the modi flavour !!
pm of hearts !! amazing speech as etongueected modi in dubai
modi visits world s first carbon free masdar city , news zipped news
narendra modi is a rockstar.i have no doubts in 5 years he will change a lot in india.so much crowd only in indo pak games in uae
lord buddha conquered entire sea, japan and china only with his words and honesty! modi did same today modi in dubai won over 40,000 crowd
ha ha ha....trolling the crooks
modi s speeches a potiential crowd puller....
orop govt should bite the bullet. govt getting cold feet ?
bstn modi visit india, uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation both sides also agreed to facilitate r...
i hate this sau crore lakh crore counting of indians
the way he finished? the way forward? that s a simple amp gracious statesman s job. modi is too much abhi neta
if modi ji shifts then india will get their beef???
new pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple
pm modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae.. that s huge. if it happens india will soar to unprecedented heights modi in dubai
what is the reaction from india against ? ? where are the people? ? are galat ko...
hot damn this modi guy can talk. he ll go places, i m telling you. exotic, foreign places.
chest thumping modi, crown prince greeted me at airport, crown prince hugged me blah blah
saluteour pm
pm ho to aisa wah modi sir ...
we salute you...
whether it be imf or world bank, all ranking institutions have said india is growing at the fastest pace jai hind
that s a direct quote from the speech. those are modi s words.
when hindus and muslims can live in harmony in dubai..they can t in india coz of you bros.
indians know modi very well. that s why he spends more time with nris. modi in dubai
et tech and gadgets pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin. modi in dubai rockstar modi
complains too much chest beating on nepal rescue work ... yeah thats the worst of modi he could pick! modi in dubai
india uae modi has again mesmerized with his marvellous speech at uae. rahul baba should learn how to give a powerful speech by listening.
if the people who came to attend modi s speech in dubai were to stand on top of one another it d make a tower taller than burj khalifa
we salute both of you for this courageous step, yet please take care of your health. god give you plenty of strength
feel sorry for !! they electrified 5.8l villages out of 6l and now only few are left. marketing ability of modi woul
new relationship between bharat and gulf through modi s journey
pm modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae.. that s huge. if it happens india will soar to unprecedented h
the gist of modi s speech is that india is coming out of slumber with the escape velocity of jupiter. modi in dubai modi in uae
talking taliban n terrorism but also telling pakistan to be in its limits in a muslim nation is what we call chappan inch k
now this is surely something
such great speech of narendra modi in dubai. we all are luckey to have him. he is such a great leader.
spent time with indian workers at the icad residential city. pm narendra modi
modi was asking 4 proof ofhis inocence
in pa 1 clip.
now listen 4proof pa 2clip
pa 2
2 2
about the day,morning was okay nothing so special. evening just went off. but made it up for the whole day. he stole the show at d end
1smiley have inappropriate speeches made by some bjp leaders affected the credibility of the modi government?
unbelievable modi mega show in dubai.
he touched every country and every heart. proud of you mr.pm
after speech of namo modi in dubai see the frustration of rajdeep sardesai a journo of india today....he need burnol s
looks like this guy was tweeting too much in favour of modi. can t trust him, he can be a potantial bhakt.
for 5 second i really laughed loudly seeing ur new profile picture.it really reflect happiness inside u 4 our namo.god bless namo.
modi is living legend, a world leader.
tough to find such leaders in a terrorist country.
people who r trying to create road blocks for modi ....beware...they will soon b consumed by their frustrations.. let him work
government launches portal madad to redress consular grievances
namo wins heart and gives strong message to world on terrorism.. modi in dubai na mo rocks in dubai
shari
me too apolitical but fan of modi and hate modi haters. simple !
what!? not modi?
vn the poll how do you rate narendra modi s i day speech? on narendra modi via
vote jkt48id indiannazi in one dinner, modi make jihadi eat pure veg! imagine what happen if namo shift there and eat with them for r
modi in dubai best best ever speech by namo. namah
well, for modi at least it seems island is far more natural.
modi address dubai video, must watch every indian.
namo namo everywhere.
the day modi haters become modi lovers, is the day dreads.
adds byline to risk factors in it s annual report card
dubai says marhaba narendra modi and promises 4.5 lakh crores of investments. well done united arab emirates! i...
please tweet your views about modi for indian muslims. how do you see it?
now this means something.
modi government failed to control inflation and fooling public on petrol price.. modi in dubai modi sarkar aap tards
hot singles in your area are busy captioning modi s uae pictures.
heartburn for modi haters. modi in dubai keep rocking and winning hearts sir!
love the whole speech of modi jee..this govt doing very good..going extremely well...
united efforts to fight any kind of terrorism is needed for which modi has made successful attempt amp got realised those who even tolerate it
you and those like you have long back became irrelevant. keep spitting the venom of your hate against modi. he will just rise.
mr qureshi u should stop running after arabs. do a program on arab slave labourers frm pakistan.
modi working fr 24 7 fr betterment of indian people .he sacrifice his personal life fr nation .u are true son of bharat mata. modi in dubai
i think modi should play positive role with pakistan
man! na mo s got swag. a temple in uae? that is some serious political diplomacy.
modi is india s visiting pm .
modi in dubai modi makes every indian proud
narendra modi highlights india s humanitarian help to maldives when that nation is affected by water crisis
modi s vizn z clear declared frm lalkilatoo many laws hamper gud governancesayspm fascism in offing???
stop calling yourself nationalist if you re not proud of having narendra modi as prime minister of india.
for indians it is jo bolta hai wahi bikta hai . rg cant talk shit. modi can talk all day.
narendra modi official american visit to attend un meetings or anything whatsoever is noway going to make any difference 1 n
ha ha... pakistan got trolled by pm modi... modi in dubai
na mo delivers yet other grand show . agar nris get votin rights this man is not gonna lose 4 decades
modi in dubai modi modi
whether you love him or hate him, you can t deny that his charisma works. world has a new leader to look up to. modi in dubai jai hind
sanjay jha admitted emergency ward in the hospital modi ji speechs make him heart beet so high
shashi tharoor believes britain owes reparations to
to be bought by muslims
you aint seen nothin yet!
well done in uae namo. now is the time to yes one rank one pension for our servicemen. it should not be delayed any further without fail.
will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents cong to pm modi last month, there were 19
kuchh mila??? come up with a hashtag soon to criticise modi ji else opposition will be wiped out
modi tells the world to take a stand on terror amp himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in one yea
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae ...
just now found out that..modi is not only ambani agent...but insurance agent too!!!
to modify modi words in dubai there are no good gbabus or bad gbabus,all gbabus are bad
friend tells me he s watching modi live along with 3 pakistani colleagues. that s what is etongueected out of a leader. respect! modi in dubai
... exactly narendra modi uncle ? god bless you
sometime you seems too smart... fekuji
dubai cricket stadium has hosted 17 odis and now 1 modi. proud to have a prime minister like sri narendra modi. modi in dubai
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today th...
yes you are right. modi government cheated india
hinduism, most resilient way of life ever. modiji will make impossible, possible for stronger india.
mr modi is representing india not bjp? amp please take note that seculars are not anti nationals deshdrohi.
modi in dubai . before , indian were like old team . they rarely win hearts once away home.
modi jee your speech in dubai was really superb....!! feeling proud to have a pm like u..!! thanks u so much
next you will see pm of pakistan running to uae to beg for loans non returnable .. narendra modi
pm narendra modi waves at the gathering at dubai cricket stadium
via a new step in india s successful run
namo good night
building temple is a great achievement for modi govt.. i don t know which era they are living in... modi in dubai
19 has modi governments credibility before minorities have improved in last one year?
team follow back pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple follow back
surya ray crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi
last i checked nris were still indian citizen who love india
unlike some alien squatters feeding of india as maggots
motivation of speech in dubai very impressed 2 nri s, madad helpline much helpful 2 nri s,uae great honored our pm of india
i will provide you non modi tweets.
what a great orator sir narendra modi is
can you please upload pakistani media reaction to pm modi visit to uae. this will be very interesting.
thank u modi sir for doing all this for our country jai hind
one can always argue that modi is a travelling salesman but is also true that his sales pitch is always patriotic amp development centric.
...namo namo is every were.....its realy sounds good for all indians
outstanding
...a grand salute to mr. modi
well i am not buttering about modi and their speeches.... but still there is something which count a lot......
jayram ramesh amp diggy will say, modi flights bhar bhar ke le gaya tha
the magic in prime minister narendra modi once again show its magic in uae
see who hails modi
truly world class leader india has ever had.
if modi was even 0.0001 sincere amp honest on his words, will u c as our education minister?
very true. my hand is surely with namo
pity people like u call themselves journos. spiteful immaturity has made u oblivious 2 difference btw anti modi n anti nation
not just toor dal prices of every other pulses is all time high. pm modi ji is busy with selfie
transporting?
they?
are you talking of indians?
modi said all the things in uae that are forbidden to say in india and forbidden by indian media.....
had little hope that might improve a bit but with his and nonsense in dubai the die is cast he won t improve globe trotter feku
grumpy must be dissecting modi s speech, looking to find something to crib about! sympathies to all anti modi ppl modi in dubai
acute shortage of burnol in india after modi s dubai speech. request our pm to please get some from uae while coming back! modi in dubai
even if it rains a little more in india, then the indian living in dubai, opens his umbrella says modi
great leader namo
modi jis speech at dubai stadium is was marvellous. let all indians join hands for welfare of ma barti
will say modi is just an event manager
amp modi will eventually manage event of their cremation
fabulous work from prime minister modi.i would etongueect to congratulate the pm on what modi has achieved.jolly go
missed modi s live speech in dubai? follow the highlights here modi in dubai
it s a matter of great sadness that it s not called mysuru pak
imf, world bank forecast 6.4 per for in 2015 business, news zipped news
i thought modi had 50000 ppl listening 2 him...
when the hell do these idiots learn that indians vegetarian. pah! lost cause.
strange reaction from congress spokespersons on tv channels to jt. indo uae statement. time to say well done to modi.
, let them feel what they feel , modi rocks dubai, india amp in world
this is the modi we love. energitc, vbrant. thundering.
namo in dubai jai ho...namo...ab to samaj jaopakistan. now search for another friend to support u.
sir, u r a rockstar to us..!!
by seeing d large number of muslims who were present to hear modi sickulars of india need either of d two. lage raho.
need burnol,itch guard and several ointment 4 severe burn by modi
modi in dubai proud to be an indian today. modi has got us out of the depressed phase that we were in.
oh no what a blunder.
embarrassing moment for pm modi
now u will say dat ppl in d dubai stadium were modi bhakts.actually they were truly bhartiya who were listening to their pm.
pm modi i am so much concerned for every indian sikulars that on my own i have ordered a burnol tank with next oil shipment modi in dubai
modi in dubai namo is pride of nation.what a crowd! thought for a min that sachin is batting.
nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today said d...
modi ji is looking trimmer ! fitter !!
now and will use this pic to prove that modi was speaking in an empty stadium
there is no replacement of modi in india as of now.so love him or hate him but he l be for another 10 years.
arab celebration with guns
after modi s speech arabs be like
modi is showing clear symptoms of being narcissistic. i wonder why no one is able to see this.
what modi has achieved rs. 4.5 lakh crore investment, a temple in abu dhabi, a clear statement against terrorism which hurt islamabad
best thing of every modi speech is that tatte pakad ke masal doonga part.
just two days back in i day speech modi ji said
that ek saal ke under har village mein light
pahuch jayegi, today...
only pm modi can speak this loud n firm confident
modi creates history in dubai.
scores double century in his maiden innings in the stadium.
afficionados roaring modi modi.
but globe trotter feku continues to roam around the world.
sometimes modi acts like that neighbourhood aunty who praises her kids but always has bad things to say about other kids in th
whether you love him or hate him, you can t deny that his charisma works. world has a new leader to look up to. modi in dub
you became modi fan?
1 n just today of asked modi to tweet something on ceasefire violation by pak. n he got the reply from dubai
well done modi ji
india uae modi has again mesmerized with his marvellous speech at uae. rahul baba should learn how to give a powerful spe
modi on finding solutions to deal with terrorism it doesn t matter for how long you fight,final decision is taken after talks amp on a table.
pic1 selfie of modi ji with shekh of uae
after watching pic1
pic2 burnol for aa ptards amp congressi
modi in uae htt
. is that why congress managed just 44 seats in 2014? jali kya!
great asia is doing great in every aspect
haha wtf does this mean
nope! what modi ji did to pakistan was more like this.
if really think so must act against modi ji in bihar n punjab unconditionally as majority r frm there in defense,as per my inf.
i don t think anyone divides india as much as modi. straight down the middle. and twain shall never meet.
namo, you make every indian proud!!
come along or be left behind pm
i would like 2 show u list of foreign tours of mms amp modi amp judge yourself.
they are not kiraye ke tatto
let modi promise nukes for saudis in that case. promise karo....rakho mat rakho baad mei dekhe gay.
i am glad that modi is paving way for a better future. positive on his thought process, but neutral on his execution skills.
ohho.. dont get so serious abt those lame jokes... i hv faith in modi believe me
those who underrated modi s independence speech must be feeling ashamed after hearing today s speech.modi knows how to re
modi, a true politician indeed. bjp in tn has a big space. hope u give a think.
great! namo speaks for the people and entire humanity!
sir, why do you shy away about karnataka issues and go gaga on modi ji!?
it was modi modi modi modi modi modi... modi in dubai cricket stadium,pakistan and congress felt irked by this kind of support
this is a new india amp we are ready to take on our enemies
jo samajhdar hain wo samajh gaye
i understand importance of arab states 4 pakistanis but u shud do program on arab atrocities agnst pakistani workers
dubai cricket stadium has hosted
17 odis and now 1 modi. proud to
have a prime minister like sri
if he gave us this beautiful country then surely he will protect it too mr modi!
one thing is clear modi rule the heart of indians...70,000 were shouting modi modi...marhaba modi...
even the thought that modi is going to give a speech gives me goosebumps modi in dubai
let s hope pm namo visit turn out to be as portrayed..keeping fingers crossed
yup correct
is modi ji the most popular pm we ever had?may be yes.in spite of all the recent controversies with bjp.but people still trust modi ji
this is the website modi ji was talking about n it s not working till date coz of mishandling of foreign ministry.
bwoy has already started.
congratulations to modi sarkar.
mr suresh prabhu please improve railways and secure investment for railways.
buddha was born in nepal lord buddha conquered entire sea, japan and china only with his words and honesty! modi did same today modi in dubai w
read and watch the highlights of pm narendra modis speech at dubai cricket stadium.
somebody please etonguelain this to me...
the leader we deserve, the orator we need, the visionary we have earned. modi in dubai
rousing speech by narendra modi in dubai. stole the heart of thousands with his words. wherever he goes, he pitches for india. marhaba modi
twitter where is nepal gopigothere total twts 6261, participants 1262, original twts 976
even if you are saying true modi can still get away by saying so because no one noticed our mms visiting those places
your comments on modi speech in dubai today??
what kind of a sadist bunch aaptards and congress loonies are? modi in dubai
mr.modi went to uae labour camp was different like rahul s entry of poor man house why the nris not having
votes.
nobody said modi ji has arranged for this. lol. hahahaha
narendra modi can make impossible things possible, only pm who can turn words into deeds
look how people twist this matter! disgusting.
headlines modi to visit australia again
what a speech by !!! amaziiiiing !!!! please guys do not miss it !! it s on every news channel !!!
i pity on those who prove themselves secular , modi in dubai has proved that he is more secular than any1 else.
acute shortage of burnol in india after modi s dubai speech. request our pm to please get some from uae while coming back
brilliant speech.brilliant speaker and a brilliant leader.
india uae joint statement carries a strong message against terrorism. it s a clear hint to those who indulge in terror pm nar
modi is a superstar.
where is the modi chuppi todo junta hiding today? modi in dubai
always....always... proud be bjp supporter nd modi follower
any congis or aaptard still have any doubt about namo s popularty...???
superb speech by modi just simply brilliant
no matter u love or hate him. he is man of developing india modi amp a world class leader with many ideas proud amp hats off sir modi in dubai
you don t have to support bjp to appreciate what modi is doing. modi in dubai
there were pms
who worked selflessly for the nation.
but, unfortunately we now have a
selfie only pm
every politician has just one dream these days to become an like . the world is now looking upto na mo. namo in dubai
watched amp listened to the whole speed na mo delivered at cricket stadium. i really admire but felt today s speech was below par.
modi ji when are you going to and ? no indian pm has gone there also for long time.
pm addressing the gathering at the indian community reception, in dubai cricket stadium
countdown begins... 30 days... aum namo vishnu govinda.
modi in dubai do bhakts wear skull caps and keep muslim beards to show fake muslim support for modi?
. modi targeting bal thackeray? modi in dubai
mumbai times are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai prime minister narendra... mumbai times
if you have complaints against embassy, consulate, then you can use the madad helpline pm
people are criticizing modi for travelling so much but congress hardly kept any good relations with neighbouring nations. 1 2
dubai modi speech very well
modi speech super it has tied all uae indians to their seat
it is no small shame that no indian pm before had the time to visit its countrymen toiling away in the deserts
i am witnessing a mini india here, says pm modi in dubai highlights via
modi speaks about the unity of our nation .but his administration and colleagues are trying to divide indian unity
modi s speech is over. now, please concentrate on bhabho
modi s address to a packed crowd of 50 thousand indians in dubai. strengthening ties between india amp uae, proud moment for indians.
but...
apply burnol on your burning ass. also not watch modi speech to avoid burning sensation.
no better speaker the county has modi in dubai not a modi fan but great leadership qualities our pm posses..
when modi says y didnt any pm visited x country for y years. y dnt some1 tell him we have external affairs minister for that.
modi is working non stop.... doesn t take holidays. works on sundays..works tirelessly.
tomorrow he ll address rally in bihar
karm yogi
i hope pm modi s uae visit ends once and for all the topi politics that sickulars play in india. modi in dubai
y
yes , they have made some remarks which hurted a lot
this is the website modi ji was talking about n it s not working till date coz of mishandling of fo
i think pakistan has already understood itwink
modi in uae pm modi was awasome again today n very well said , fight terror or be isolated !!
goods india follow us
okay.. then i want modi to return india and then visit to all muslim countries. smiley
good taliban bad taliban good terrorism bad terrorism will not work modi. then y bail for aseemanand!
whatever it is. modi ji is bold and a right pm. thankyousomuch
this is how narendra modi dragged pakistan in todays
mati mand hai wo to tongue
kickstarts process of isolating in arab world. no good taliban, no bad taliban. marhaba namo
i hope narendra modi s visit significantly helps in improving the lives of poor indian laborers in uae modi in uae 5 5
modi speaks better than manmoun sane people believe a person first time till his words start 2fail then he is doomed!
quick poll who s hotter? for modi. fav for raghuram.
congress slams modi for remarks in uae on previous governments the congress party on monday criticised prime minister narendra
wonder which national leader has had the same charisma as na mo
modi keeps making fans outside the world. i can sense this man turning it around for india. is he the dhoni of india. deliverer.
shabnam hashmis anti hindu, anti modi anhad is funded by the church
nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai
i always respected for his brilliant marketing strategies but has clearly outdone him. definitely a crowd puller
digvijay singh want to defeat narendra modi now searching a man who can give a beg rs 10 aimlessly. congres begger
why did a state head have to state that his nation helped it s neighbours grotesque patriotism
tweet like
modi took bhakts from gujarat and made them pose like arabs in dishdashas
modi could have sung doori sahi jaye na in atif aslam style instead of delivering speech.
modi says, samajhne wake samajh jaye .. wake up , man..ur scared to take pakistan s name on arab soil? lol
why is modi being sickular wink
modi talking of 450l crores investment, bet even 45 crores won t come.. how much v got from china japan after jhulas drums
just coz they have asked for their due n caused discomfort 2 modi u lost rsp
icwf indian community welfare fund find has been formed for all embassies to be used for welfare of our workers modi in dubai na mo
as always excellent speech by our pm ji. one of the best speeches. jai ho na mo modi in dubai
thank you pm
really want to know how namo is planning to redeem his air miles.
well done sir like king modi in dubahi
apart from inspiring companies like us to make good applications make in india
arey i was talking about that guy who started speaking in malyalam after modi s speech
now,opposition will start blaming on namo. because they can t see india to grow.
namo visits uae to a tumultuous welcome.excelent speech in stadium.uae to give land 4 a hindu temple n invest 4.5 lakh crores in india.wow!
namo in dubai na mo rocks in dubai awesome namo..we are so proud of you
modi ka foorti dekho describe the atmosphere at the dubai cricket ground. a big thank you, tweets pm. waapas..
sly tweet for neighbours.
modi knows only how to make fool and how beautifully he can....so stop collecting words and think abt fake policies
histrorical speach first time after 1947 independence made by hon ble prime minister modi jee in dubai ,his appeal is very effective ,
nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai india news ndtv achedinaanewale
heartburn for modi haters. modi in dubai keep rocking an
22 has modi governments popularity declined in last one year?
one more modi show..
electrifying crowd as always.... got goosebumps while hearing modi modi chants proud to be an modi in dubai
did you ever imagine that yoy will hear chants of bharat mata ki jai in dubai. modi haters start hating india in the process of hating him
aa ptards will not tell you that farce award to was given by same nri in dubai
will you hold nsa talks on coffins of innocents congress to modi
dubai s sultan has shown true secularism by worshipping in hindu temple. he has become true friend of indians. all credit goes to modi jee.
i wonder why no one can see the blatant narcissism in modi s events. this is worrying, sir.
live watch pm modi in uae e migrate portal, madad for indian migrants counsellor camps for indian worker...
for india to properly gel with the arab world was long over due. great start from uae. all congrats to modi
har cheez ki khabar rakhteho aap modi wave is only media created wave...
modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism modi in dubai modi rocks in dubai
is modi s uae visit is somehow related to politics in kerela ? modi in uae modi in dubai
pm modi uses dubai speech to send out strong message against terrorism
modi is a leader cum marketeer cum motivator cum executor cum visionary all encapsulated into 1. namo in dubai
one thing that modi ji did not do in dubai is unite all for a ban on modi in dubai
bro, been observing your tweets and rts over the time, what s the reason for your hatred towards modi?
i don t have sister
pm modi s statement regarding terrorism is pretty clear, and the ball is now in pakistan s court jayadeva ranade
how does it feel saba naqvi ji to eat the crow? this is exactly how karma acts as a bitch! namo in dubai
modi in dubai what a speech goosebumps all hail modi
arabs love for modi. agreed to invest 4.5 lakh crores in india.
this is the reason why you got below 50 seats in lok sabha elections, speak like this, modi will cross 500 seats in future.
modi gave a memorable lecture in dubai thnks narendra modi
modi s address to a packed crowd of 50 thousand indians in dubai. strengthening ties between india amp uae, proud moment for
arab prince promises for investment of 4.5 lakh crores in upcoming years.
also namo got land for a temple in...
modi at uae more than 50k audience
pls tell me when will i get a gf n become pm of cayman s island.
just the right platform to make an announcement about the new cricket league at the dubai cricket stadium. just the wrong m
modi trolls pak for blocking saarc ties,said we will go ahead without you on motor vehicles agreement bbin since you block connectivity!
nehru gandhi family is living our money, looting our money. modi manages event amp didn t partition 4personal gain mana
whole stadium chanting modi modi in dubai. real bad day for congress and aaptards.
media presstitutes need cash to write about pm s achievements.they used to get funds from upa amp not nda. htt
icwf indian community welfare fund find has been formed for all embassies to be used for welfare of our workers modi in dubai
just 1 hour prior to pm s speech in dubai an anchor on ndtv was shouting why modi is silent on terrorism..want 2 see her face now
now i know why modi didn t mention his foreign policy on 15th august. this speech was reserve for uae. simply brilliant.
modi in dubai 75 billion usd is huge investment. namo namah.
modi on finding solutions to deal with terrorism it doesn t matter for how long you fight,final decision is taken after t
that is what we are saying since initial election rallies of namo in 2013 namo in dubai
high hopes. and misinformation.
we proud of india or very very proud of lovely pm mr. modi
mr modi u should advise this 2 ur mentor rss who is behind communal violence in india
. coming from modi i worry its more rhetoric with little to back it up.
its a refrence not the essence.when crowd is huge amp rocking to his spech,then modi has to be a star whether u like it r not
modi in dubai every should be proud of our modi who roars in an nation against and welcomed modi speech
modi is doing a bashannn in dubai and these are my friend died on 15 august .... shame media
seriously..
modi trolls pak for blocking saarc ties,said we will go ahead without you on motor vehicles agreement bbin since you
uae has agreed to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india...
die....isase jyada ka to hm scam karte the...
modi s speech lasted longer than india s batting lineup in the fourth innings of a test match.
read, modi trip will only be complete when he drive car with a lion as co passenger. idiots there can t be two lions in a ca
first time indians may be feeling there is different ways to deal with foreign policy,modi shown the way ahead
narendra modi ji want to say one thing. that india s politics in india. in other countries.!1 2
im nt saying they came to support modi smiley
no kid, i don t hate modi. it s just pure fun making a mockery or say insulting his abominable stunts. not worthy of hate.
inc fatwa muslims who attend modi s speeches are not muslims anymore!!
before we indians were crazy for bollywood and cricket . now .we are crazy for .modi ,bollywood and cricket...namo effect...
no wonder the most stupid pm of india has the most stupid followers on planet earth. deserves this pm. modi in dubai
mr modi knows how to market india..which was lacking in the previous congress govt...
the points which were previously never even thaught about, is what modi is addressing after 68 yrs. of independence modi in dubai
not soooo much ...
had little hope that might improve a bit but with his and nonsense in dubai the die is cast he won t imp
second take away from today s speech.
narendra modi ji want to say one thing. that india s politics in india. in other countries1 2
india to record 12.36 mt less foodgrain production yet modi wants to snatch away farm land. smart governance
modi is a rockstar!
please don t kill me.
main aaya maine kiya meri wajah se hua
basic ingredients of modi ji s speech everywhere. modi in dubai
modi in dubai proud of our prime minister smiley
go namo! smiley india smiley
great job!
modi forgot to mention hamid gul godfather of taliban and jihad thousand cuts to india.
electrifying an understatement to describe atmosphere at dubai cricket ground. a big thank you!tonguem modi modi in dubai
huge gathering to hear mr. modi s speech at dubai criket stadium !
overweening speeches by modi without realized the the full potential of india is just like making fool out of it.
eg unsc seat rejected.
modi is worldwide popular , atal only in india
modi s uae visit pm to address diaspora today india, news zipped news
modi in uae list of fact based achievements, zero shallow promises, perfect euphemisms, striking the right cord .. kudos mr. modi!!thank you
no o
modi addresses etongueat indians witnessing a mini india in dubai
i think modi has set the tone for the nsa level talks. join against terror or be left behind. pakistanis should choose wisely.
revealed pm modi s mission in uae delhi, news zipped news
stood taller than burj khalifa
modi is not a deity of mine amp rest of bhartiya. it s his pov, u may agree or disagree with him. smiley
india, u.a.e. plan 75 billion fund as modi seeks investment
modi has effortlessly transformed himself as global statesman on international stage. today s speech testimony to that marhaba namo
crown prince of uae has decided to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india modi in dubai
a very significant joint statement in dubai !! very creditable for the pm modi !
i am sure amp confident that our pm narendra modi government wiil make sure our nation super strong.
strong message to world and pakistan on terror by namo in dubai !!
anand sharma congress must clarify why no pm has visited uae? is it they were so busy? modi visit brings fdi for growth. rahul sabbatical?
modi s strong message of zero tolerance on illegal financial activities even with side effects has spread agony in the camps of wrong doers.
there is no good or bad terrorism. modi ji saying this on visit 2 country which is openly supporting terrorists in syria. ajab namo in dubai
just like gujarat was all celebratory when was , i see indians believing more in themselves with as !
apparently no malayalam channels covered modi s visit to uae in detail . let s see what print media has to say tomo partisan commie press
we can proud on modi jee in congress pm means nothing puppet of sg rg now its looking some one pm to whomuprd
what a speech by our honourable prime minister sh. narender modi in uae at abu dhabi cricket stadium.
ten outoff ten..
day by day all the respect i ve had for modi is going away like his promise on reforms is. his fault na told me to set my etongueectations high
out of the whole speech of modi, bitch found only this to highlight. namo in dubai
modi is scared of the un elected jaitley.. why ?
modi has effortlessly transformed himself as global statesman on international stage. today s speech testimony to that
modi in dubai outstanding speech by modi. very enthusiastic.
we told you earlier there is no modi wave
anand sharma said before elections that modi does not know anything about foreign policy? !!!!!
okay...leadership , orator , vision...everything is fine with modi...but where are the actions india s development really need ??
you are standing in s home ground modi ji wink modi in dubai
this will go a long way and modi can earn genuine appreciation. this is needed. way too much etongueloitation.
uae has been well thought through and chosen as the first destination for modi s visit in the arab world maroof raza
lol smiley nvr b4 in human history did such an intellectually sublime 2 way comunictn tk place.socrates wld be envious.
r u d same person who once asked modi to wear skull cap in his sadbhavna rally??
super!!!!!
modi as pm will hurt india s relations with islamic countries ..relations have been damaged to the extent that they re building a temple
modi in dubai actually im not agnst modi sir infect im a fan of him.but its hurt me ayodhya me mandir w nai jab ki yeha lord ram ne birth h.
acute shortage of burnol in india..
whenever u hate modi... it means u r again going to loose another battle
u mean say the muslims who supportes modi nt belongs to islam??
top lol d tweets
well done modi sir your speech was a fitting reply to the opponents
follow us on
boss , not a fan of modi but the stadium is indeed packed. the empty chairs are behind the dias and not allocated.
modi in dubai hope modi was sensible enough to tell uae that his definition of terror does not include samjhauta blast
modi ji forget he is not in saarc countries modiin dubai
they all came to listen modi ji
they said namo namo
india on high fonts
namo greeted all malayalis new yr wishes in malayalam...
thank you modiji for honouring us...!!!
they might as well name that portal great etongueectations
tats namo for u!!
set back for modi s makeinindia campaign aadarsh libtard
this bhrpc seems to be a propaganda site!!
well i won t say support modi.....but feel proud as modi pm of our nation...
very good job done,its because of our pm modi.
did you ever imagine that yoy will hear chants of bharat mata ki jai in dubai. modi haters start hating india in the p
are you gifting one to modi?
why modi our pm keen about building temples ??
ten former service chiefs have written to prime minister narendra modi on one rank one pension or orop.
mr prime minister modi jee jai hind
iam saying these words to my core of my heart
modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism
today s modi s speech gave shivers to two. 1 pakistan
2 congress.
modi in dubai marhaba namo modi rocks in dubai
but pm nawaz cannot address 500 in pakistan....
blame modi not else. that s his fault if he trusts thugs
all the work done by modi kept in closet by english media till date,modi intelligently made them show in 1 hr,eng media will not sleep today
the joke was true last pm was in silent mode n now modi ji is in flight mode . he is just!! roaming one country to another. that s it
this time on rakshabandhan please give your sister this jeevan suraksha yojana pm narendra modi in dubai
modi hinting on pakistan on terrorism, good talib bad talib policy in a friend country of pak.test 4 pakistan foreign relations n diplomacy
rahul gandhi, did he still not get impressed by namo?
i hope takes part in this poll, which is more scientific than any research published in any newspaper.
daffer pl ask modi to give me 5 lacs only as loan i wl also pay interst
the guy in front was so enthusiastically chanting modi modi .. almost jumping off his seat . namo in dubai
simple...... because they wet their undies... that s why.
sir, hitting fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium...well played, sir...
today modi ji ruined prime time of news channels modi in dubai
modi z on trending world wide tongue tongue
that s our pm. the indian pm.
modi in dubai dose who hate modi r most unfortunate ppl,he is d best howsoever u crib,u ppl remind me of dhobi of ayodhya in ramayan...
fight terror or get isolated. tough reply to pakistan. modi in dubai na mo rocks in dubai namo in dubai awesome speech by modi magic
modi is a leader of people s heart. its impossible to find a man like him in terror nation
no hrdfeeling. luvfrmindia
yeah! your pappu opens all his opening for mr. modi along with ur sonia aunty!
google news ca modi addresses indian diaspora in dubai the hindu firstpostmodi addresses ind...
masked media anti india growth scuttling naxals petrified b namo
word for word. indian are involved in terrorism in pakistan, sri lanka amp china
no don t fight to me when i sly you even modi ji slys people so yeah..
why modi is no longer ignoring the muslim world apart from bangladesh, t...
kamaal r khan krk the temple will be built in abu dhabi in 2013 so why there is news that modi ji has arranged it
one of the great speech dilevered by hon ble pm narendra modi from abu dhabi, dubai. feels proud to hv such pm to our country.
shradha sharma such great speech of narendra modi in dubai. we all are luckey to have him. he is such a great lea
modi in uae an outstanding speech by pm modi at dubai stadium.hats off sir, you make us indians proud with the way you connect with us. thnx.
i hope takes part in this poll, which is more scientific than any research published in any newspaper. s
kamaal r khan krk this is the website modi ji was talking about n its not working till d
we are with great rss modi ji once was student of that group and sadly it s in terrorist list of america
pm visit to mideast is making ripples in . supports india s bid to . good for . modi in dubai
can u under estimate the power of pardhan sevak ?dubai speech and public response is enough for considering modi a great leader.
there is no good or bad terrorism .. why coming visit is planned for terrorist state of israel.. modi ji.. jawab chahiye. namo in dubai
the fuck he is smoking
modi discussion with labour camp residents in 1 sentence how r u , posed for pics and was gone labourers disheartened
next time twitter support team will be ready with more servers to handle a load when modi will speak modi in dubai
modi ke batting is bullshit
congress rahul aware of modi s growing influence all over world it s because of his hard work, good governance amp no dynasty politics
pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to
narendra modi highlights india s humanitarian help to maldives when that nation is affected b
modi ka nahi achi baato ka koi chahra nahi hota its not modi its the work that he been doing that makes him special
not saying that na mo s speech at cricket stadium was bad. it s just that my etongueectations have risen because he s raised the standards.
as in bhutan, modi took them from india..all are zafar sareshwala s cousins...
the charisma that our narendra modi enjoys is akin to that a us president !
is a leader rest all are politicians.
mere ...!!nothing else...!!!
modi hits sixes from dubai stadium and ball falls in pakistan. modi in dubai
shradha sharma such great speech of narendra modi in dubai. we all are luckey to tweets now
i love the way pm modi can make whole crowd chant jai!! in reply to his bharat mata ki , which reverberated throughout the stadium.
kamaal r khan krk this is the website modi ji was tweets now
okay...leadership , orator , vision...everything is fine with modi...but where are the actions india s development real
modi in dubai how twitterati reacted to narendra modis dubai visit
after porn ban people have started masturbating on modi ji s speech. modi in dubai
only solid news till date. but with everything modi may very well remain on paper after sucking every bit of pr from.
now that both arabs amp iranians support us, modi should push for permanent un
after namo speech in dubai cong amp presstitutes will have 2 be drowned in burnol all their opening must be smoking with fire humiliation complt
pm modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential prime minister narendra modi on monday made a strong pitch fo
na mo rocks in dubai epic
i love my india i love my real leader pm mr.narendra modi, my friends.
what about the idea of one congress man to accomplain mr. modi during his foreign visit to encounter his allegations simultaneously. .??
not just toor dal prices of every other pulses is all time high. pm modi ji is busy with s
has he?
best thing about narendra modi is that he has no villa in dubai so he spoke freely and ruthlessly smiley
pm modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential national news zeenews
. bohras world over a regular feature at modi events such as
modi hinting on pakistan on terrorism, good talib bad talib policy in a friend country of pak.test 4 pakistan foreign rela
pm modi condemns the blast in
modi sir... please etongueort some burnol to these losers.
beyond his charisma amp oratory skills, modi is the right man for the job. he is changing the face of india for better. modi in dubai
yes, especially the blue umbrella
125 crore indians a source of power pm modi what power? cheap labor? child labor with almost 100 crore functionally illiterate?
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the
that awkward moment in history when modi poses as bulwark against terrorism and hugs an arab shaikh while trying to champion human rights
narendra damodardas modi hits fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium...well played, sir... modi in dubai
shadow of jai italy
reason why swami wrote to modi
ed scuttling nh case evident
just talked to mehman malik. he was overjoyed that modi ji would find such a crowd in bablucheesthan
when even times now stops its prime time and telecasts modi in dubai you have to agree, its been superbbbbbbbbbb
pm is not trying to isolate pak but if they don t cooperate it s up to them sheel kant sharma, former diplomat
say empty bank account. good for nothing
how many of you think he just speaks? watching narendra modi
upa s regime scams of thousand s of crore was common
modi s regime foreign invest. of multi billion getting common. modi in dubai
modi in dubai exellent what a support
we all with you modi ji
modi acting fearless in uae. if u hv real guts cm address issue of pakistan killing our soldiers in india. stop running away!
apparently no malayalam channels covered modi s visit to uae in detail . let s see what print media has to say tomo partisan co
pm modi hopes for speedy recovery of those injured in bangkok blast
that s exactly what i m sayin. sm journos claimed modi couldn t represent india on a global stage due to his lack of etongueertise
modi is god for us !god apply burnol
g8 modi ji best pm of india modi in dubai
though a lie modi tweeted that temple land allotted in uae will the same consideration be given to other religions in rss ruled india?
modi screamed, yeah screamed bharat mata ki jai on foreign land. muslim dominated uae type foreign land! pm s achievement as per media.
modi s batting
pakistan bowled
lets hope ve !
artists dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero modi
modi ka nahi achi baato ka koi chahra nahi hota its not modi its the work that he been doing that makes him spe
pm modi takes veiled attack at pakistan over terrorism at dubai cricket stadium narendra modi
pm modi on way to india. flies to bihar tomrw at 8. hope his foreign policy etongueosition gave relief to those who missed it at la qila.
narendra modi become world leader amp world is recognizing
a
muslims listen to leader
they said same thing about modi rallies before 2014 elections but everyone knows the result
pm is not trying to isolate pak but if they don t cooperate it s up to them sk sharma, former diplomat
say what you may, modi knows how to engage with the crowds. his oratory skills are really good modi in uae
hey dawood ibrahim, what if you rule in dubai, you can t stand in a stadium like modi and face such a huge crowd even in dubai
there was who used to address indians in english language nd then there is modi who speaks hindi abroad..
2nd modi involvement in gharvapsi program and blackmail house to pass anti conversion law
pm takes veiled swipe at over
those thinly veiled barbs na mo...i ve got some learning to do. akalmand ko ishara hi kaafi hai... uuff!
big crowd for modi in . the indianess all over is unique
more burnol !!!! smiley modi in dubai etc
during jesus christ s birth there were three wise men, in this modern indian circus there is only one
pm modi on way to india. flies to bihar tomrw at 8. hope his foreign policy etongueosition gave relief to those who missed it
modi ji is the best.
in fact whatever trp he has is also centred around modi only e
great speech.days like these modi supporters feel elated to have faith in modi, that they didn t got duped by modi in dubai
government of pakistan is trying its best to use its diplomatic channels to arrest modi and bring him to pakistan prison.
plans to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in , pm modi says in dubai
is nuts
not yet. i like his mr modi s oratorical style.
modi gets nri status as he is out of india for more than 180 days
the types who d find modi ecstatic are part of his brotherhood.
lagta he modi ki dubai me rally thi...........
what a crowd...
electrifying....
getting admired to modi !
the pm modi rocks in dubai ..the uae to invest rs 4.5 lacs crores india.. a grand success.!!!
you are making cong. jealous. as if congress has to speak only against any modi move
it seems u heard modi from uae.....mast ram kar gaya apna kam aur ap as usual grinning at home.
another stellar performance from namoji..jai namo..jai bharat uae friendship!
narender modi speech in dubai on 17th aug 2015 part 1 national anthem of... via
don t pimp for he hurled threats on pakistan from sponsored venue
energetic speech powerful personality mandarin collar kurta modi in dubai
check this similar shirt
modi ji doing the srk pose! india at69 independence day2015
watched amp listened to the whole speech na mo delivered at cricket stadium. i really admire but felt today s speech was below par.
dubai cricket stadium has 28000 capacity. how can it holds 70000 people. bjp and modi said lie .shame modi. dubai stadium no
n the stupid old says pm modi dsnt speak, he s silent. tell the idiots when he does the world goes gaga. salute !! modi in dubai
mr modi on one side you send us greetings on independence day, and on other side you label us with terrorism!
don t want to say this but aap is not a party which can be trusted. aap will even support congress to oppose modi.
me too. i don t get a word of pms speech..
modi strikes a chord with the common man. rs 4.5 lakh crore deal for investment in india no mean achievement!!
barkha seems to be liking anything modi does these days. after all ndtv license is at stake?
the day pakistan gets a leader like modi, you will change your views. he s certainly not a god but respect him for the man he is
more burnol !!!! smiley modi in dubai
aftereffects of modi speech in dubai on adarsh liberal
modi in dubai modi magic modi in uae
wow..commendable speech by our respected p.m namo. our country has a great future and the world supports us modi in uae
that doesn t mean modi is wrong.
modi is now getting uae to invest in india which is a serious new move maroof raza modi in uae
we have to make india an educated modern country, and take it to new heights of development pm narendra modi
dinner date with bots to engage in anti modi ranting , after the spectacular modi in dubai show...
125 crore indians a source of power pm modi what power 21cr under 19 cant afford school in child labor is child labor power you suggest?
lord buddha conquered entire sea, japan and china only with his words and honesty! modi did same today modi in dubai won over
in case if you have missed speech addressed by indian prime minister mr. narendra modi, you may contact raj...
thinks public will listen to her crap and stop referring modi as rockstar.
today dawood will be traveling along with modi at delhi airport he shall be arrested good move
no point in debating we, hindustanis know what modi has done congis wl never learn their blood changed tdy
modi screamed, yeah screamed bharat mata ki jai on foreign land. muslim dominated uae type foreign land! pm s achiev
i really proud to be indian
when ak makes his name placards in i day no journo speaks.
today ppl shout modi s name, every1 loses their mind
now that namo has rocked uae... will pak pm nawaz sherrif try it too ???
modi s speech ws abt hw india has develpd into supr power. bt modi amp co is in power since last yr so why ppl is praising him?
sir shri ji.. awesome.
colorof blood not passport
burnol moment for all modi haters!!!
the modi magic continues... seems like the dubai crowd has come to watch sachin tendulkar innings.
pls stop referring to mr modi as the rock star. he s our pm and our electorates have a lot of etongueectations from him.
cricket stadium has hosted 17 odis will now forever boast of 1 .
dtn india pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister narend...
people can t change their own bad habits overnight amp etongueect modi ji to change the entire nation overnight which has been degraded for 60yr.
why s makein india is made in china
electrifying al india is really gud announcement,if happens india wil run faster than china in economy amp namo wil bcome defacto pm.
sir may god give u strength and energy to lead team india for next 20 years god bless modi and india
ettn pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister narendra mod...
yes i m...but which policy or which program completely implented and successfull which started by modi govt...
free ground given to modi in dubai...first time ever...how pak should react??
a very nice n powerful speech by our 1 amp only pm namo. modi in dubai
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister narendra modi, wi...
kuch log modi was referring to modi in dubai
..merely for one lalit modi issue than to fight for their promise to deliver special status to fifty million seemandhra
nice pics
modi threatened pakistan from the land of uae today.uae proved they are collaborating with raw to destabilize pakistan,particularly karachi.
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime minister nar...
modi is great
pm modi speech is hatrick in saying dream debut dubai times now
pm modi is the sachin tendulkar of indian politics, the best india has seen!
modi..modi...modi...modi...
chants of modi modi all over!
share this video as much as you can let the haters hear...
just finished listening to pm modi s speech in dubai came out and i hear my neighbors watching indian soap opera who is not indian in bhutan
thank you news nation, today i watched full modi jee speech on your channel. you guys have covered well than any other smiley y
why s independence day speech failed to inspire india
making fun of narinder modi wouldn t help usm the fact is uae is preferring india over pakistan.
we have once again lost the diplomatic war
i like this scheme
modi in dubai seeing this crowd i think modi may create madison square moment even in lahore also...modi modi modi
maroof has mastered the technique of ignoring arnab s intervention and makes his point. he should train others wink
check out with your msm. btw except u.s and china liability for all.
modi in uae live world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring ...
btw bohra and ahmedi muslims aren t considered islamic enough to wahabi sunni standards smiley
2015 we re still 125 cr strong, amp pak is still firi
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae government for...
that s how srk wins everytime tongue
really it is always amazing to hear the one n only one around t world
modi modi modi ... modi
feeling so proud
india times pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic ...
modi rocks in . are proud worldwide !! modi in dubai jai ho modi
every time i see modi s name i go modi modi modi! indy indy indy! like bobby digital s nyc everything.
news india pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi ... follow back
why target pakistan during your speech to indians? mr modi, you are obsessed with us. modi in dubai modi in uae
don t trust me but just visit modi ji was talking about n just see what will you find.
modi really has nothing else to do except be a living breathing walking advertisement of himself
modi ji still delivering blockbuster type speeches but the man who ignited ray of hope among us has to convert these words into action asap.
last . not surprising tbh. a lot of indians live in dubai and modi s popularity isn t alien to anyone.
tomorrow he ll address rally in bih
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of us s madison sqaure as he addres...
why is modi s menu such a talking point? in other news, i ll have what he s having. wink so hungry whats the big deal
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae government for deciding to allot a pl...
two opposite faces of modi saheb
face 1 of modiji in
pa 1 clip here
and thot this guy wud chllnge namo smiley
it was chock o block full. over capacity. empty stands where the part under closer to the stage and modi s lectern.
so does uae modi in dubai in dubai modi in uae
was mentioned separately..
lol u pakistani ppl living in still 1980 grow up dude ..its modi land by the way frm which terrorist group u are ??
modi ji is a biggest trend setter today who is doing what all indian public is understanding fully. who are against should understand
one of the best performers in modi ji s team.
shame shame shame on you. shame on you prime minister..u re spraying acid on the wounds of 125 cr indians said modi
world has to decide whether they are with those sponsoring
terrorism or against it, says modi.
what will sickulars do now?
for once it looked modi was selling insurance to 50000 people in one shot smiley would have met his five years target today in uae
modi in dubai dose who hate modi r most unfortunate ppl,he is d best howsoever u crib,u ppl remind me of dhobi of ayodhya
mr modi if u don t distinguish bed amp good terror than why u r soft towards pragya thakur col purohit amp other hindu terrorists
had ministry of labour, uae, declared a day off to migrant workers to attend marabha modi or was it the business community.
congress unable to digest modi, a backward poor has become pm india doesn t belong to one family dynasty? it disrupts parliament for what?
yet another modi speech amp yet another outbreak of orgasmic delirium on twitter. meanwhile
love to see whole india irrespective of cast, creed and religion suppo s modi!
it s actually.... tweet like
thats crowd in uae to hear d speech of modi modi in uae
krk after listening to modi s bashan.!!
pakistani leaders are piss poor. modi despite being a serial killer is developing strong relations with other countries.
uae economy minister, speaking after meeting with pm modi, says uae open to meeting any demand for oil from india
he will never be a proud hindustani, bt atleast u will get d right to qstn namo. btw.. is the skull cap mandatory?
mesmerised listening modi... finally we have a mard pm.
yout todays panel is pathetic....both are bybirth anti modi...
prime minister narendra modi says he wants investments from uae to build infrastructure for india s economic growth.
etongueorts on extra shipments of burnol to after ji s speech
orop debate has proven that modi bhakts are from the same asshole breed as the ones they abuse
mr , land for the swaminarayan temple was. via
modi in dubai bluffing
yes i am a modi supporter
and i am proud of it.
have you earn this pride? ?
i am asking his views. i know very well what indian muslims think about modi.
my most favorite modi quote from modi in dubai
absolutely!
rofl ... the tweet of the day !!
now that abudhabi gave land for temple to modi, will rss bjp withdraw from babri masjid?
nice speech mr modi at dubai cricket stadium
pm at investors meet in city 21st century belongs to asia. asia is incomplete without uae amp its importance.
this is the strong reminder amp warning 2 dawood s kingdom in his courtyard na mo in dubai
sir shri ji dream comes true.. big big
watched modi s speech . a must watch.
would like to thnx 2 all my brthers and ssters who gthered der n made his effrt a grt sccss
long live india!
long live namo!
modi in dubai. before , indian were like old team. they rarely won hearts once away home. now he is rocking it.
hehe..this proves modi ji s words have hit at right places. cry pak cry
decided to sport skull cap permanently
modi in uae aaptarts shd undstd dt it will take atleat 1000 generations for kejriwal s to hv even 10 of capabilities of namo. so pl shut up
modi just said fuck you pakistan in between lines. kudos.somewhere it also meant fuck you congress .what say hijdas amp
the charisma of our narendra modi is akin to that of a us president ! everyone wants to see him !
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai modi in uae
understated amp modi don t go in the same sentence.oh wait,u didn t use modi ,but doubt his speech writers have the guts 2 say so
i dn t remember when was da last time i had waited whole day 2 watch sumthin on my tv. mst be called namo monia .
don t know why modi is calledarrogant dictatorial always only seen him reach out to all guess sonia nd co were always worried abt his rise
amid grand reception, pm modi woos indian diaspora in packed dubai stadium see more at
marhaba namo ... dubai gives pm modi a rockstar welcome
no , they are having a lot fans , but looks they are going to loose them soon !!
hats off to modi ji and prince of uae for giving land for temple
dnt ask who know nothing abt modi..or rss ideology.. rss led bjp govt banned beef meat
slump in corporate earnings set to continue this prolonged slump would make it tougher for prime minister narendra modi s government...
yes it is feel food factor fr 40000 indians in dubai. but what pm modi wanted to say?
indian media claiming that modi gave a tough message to pak from dubai soil....
amid grand reception, pm modi woos indian diaspora in packed dubai stadium see more at ...
great challenge for pm modi
even my 3 yrs old nephew easily recognizes modi on tv
one more reason for
youth day2015 spl.
kalam sir, pm , , or anyone else? who is your icon? vote! htt
sorry i am not coming.
totally disappointed by modi ji s speech..
he didn t declare compensation for the people who suffered from
before yemen war this etonguelains modi s uae tour
plz , let s criticize his wrong policies.
his technique is water tight manjrekar
modi, killer of hundreds of muslims, the most stupid pm on google, being treated like a royal guest in uae.
as a...
3novices nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai prime minister narendra modi today sa
public understand abt a policy and something went wrong then modi s new policy becomes in market
true leader of a gr8 nation. salut modi ji....not every one can do it...
modi upping the ante by speaking on terrorism at a place where most of the terror funds come from. modiin uae
apply burnol for modi haters!
global leader modi
modi threatened pakistan from uae today, proved that uae collaborating with raw to destabilize pakistan,particularly karachi.
now to set mind that in future there will be a need bigger than modi ji, not smaller than modi . if educated a little just calculate ,,,,,,
swacch bharat failed by muncipal corps in delhi,. with the wind.
check this tweet modi modi in dubai narendra modi courtesy
will modi have the guts to talk abt cheaper air line tickets fro gulf nris? tackle real issues any fool can take selfie
after namo speech in dubai cong amp presstitutes will have 2 be drowned in burnol all their opening must be smoking with fire humi
with that speech by pm modi in dubai, pakistan felt as betrayed as their ex who is now in a relationship with his worst enemy. modi in dubai
few months ago modi ji announced that he citizens of many countries will get visa on arrival at indian airports n it s not done till date.
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin the economic times
i am agreeing over s tweet about modi s quick reaction over bangkok blast and paying least attention to the ceasefire victims
dnt ask who knows nothing abt modi..or rss ideology.. rss led bjp govt banned beef meat
a huge thankyou to for arriving early at the venue and live tweeting for us all.we truely enjoyed it.
lol. now the defence etongueert becomes investment etongueert. jab arun jaitley is finance minister, this is small!
we 2 said the same,honoring modi nt against
prime minister narendra modi said india was proud of etongueatriate indians settled and working in the uae
and we wanna thank modi ji for saving ass of his group ppl who destroyed 15 century babri mosque namo namo
excellent speech by modi ji at dubai , direct attack on pakistan terrorism.
,modi bhakts will lash at u if you suggest modi has george bush for company! modiin dubai
was no country investing in india before modi became pm?
1. hitler
2. obama
and now,
3. modi
exceptional orators. what i love about them modi in dubai
modi ji makes us proud every indian one day i will sure meet him modi in dubai
arey that modi speech
speech is drafted by some anonymous. i appreciate namo for delivering it.
piety, harmony, inclusiveness are inherent to islam. modi in uae
modi ji establishing himself as an international leader. hopes of overseas indians are on a high, they feel that india is fast changing.
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai prime minister narendra modi took to stage at the...
modi roxx in dubai! etongueectations and hopes increase in the hearts of indian citizens towards their beloved pm.
i don t see such big crowds other than cricket matches..!!
salute to pm shri modi....great speech in dubai....proud to be indian......
modi has spoken more powerfully in the last 10 mins, than manmohan singh, sonia amp rahul gandhi have even tried in
india, uae given clear signal on terrorism
pm modi..
remarkable speech by namo which also focused our problems, namo a
had ministry of labour, uae, declared a day off to migrant workers to attend marabha modi or was it the business commu
modi has come to dubai... meri shaadi nahi ho rahi hai where you have to be happy for me be happy for india!
haha modi is nothing new even by a whimper. i want more radical breaking of status quo. not new bottle only like modi.
also sir, i think namo ji is the first politician who stayed over night in all districts of india b4 becoming pm
modi in uae modi ruling everywhere. see
he is not only most popular but he has also created a cult of his own. we are too lucky to have him.
is raga thr??!!! pls god!!
modi should take tution from ak...
if u can t see the love for modi even now, u r not blind,u hav closed ur eyes.even blind can sense the love.
above all, i am glad modi visited the camp. the irrepressible tweetstormed sushma swaraj to do it last year
n the stupid old says pm modi dsnt speak, he s silent. tell the idiots when he does the world goes gaga. salut
modi in dubai nodoubt why modi has so many haters, has any politician in india achieved so much that pm modi has?
na mo, through his foreign visits, has ensured that the world treats us with respect and looks at us as a potential superpower.
point being? modi says how he did not get even a rupee when he used to sell tea and how today, we don t get tea for re 1
should automatically add an indian flag after too smiley
dubai already has a temple, is modi visited there earlier?
near future people of india, stand up against modi and start up against modi ji
ashutosh govarikar s next movie will be based on pm modi s speeches.
unless they say anything against modi bjp. then we ask them to go to pakistan
inches roaring in dubai.
feeling proud.
only pm modi can change the picture of india in five years.
we want to solve issue peacefully by talking not by guns strong message from india,pm of guts
etongueorts on extra shipments of burnol to after ji s speech s
y o fool,u take talking abt achievements as bragging .old disease of finding faults persists adarsh liberal spotted
india s modi visits uae labour camp, underscores concern over worker welfare reuters uk
if u like s speech in uae
nd u feel proud 2 hv pm like him
pm narendramodi takes veiled swipe at over
modi has set the agenda for the world ie. fight terrorism amp broadly divided the world into 2 ie.humanity amp nations for terrorism modi in uae
owasi brothers playing for india under modi s captaincy laughing well played at kishan ganj rally. game on. bihar elections
heart touching speech of honorable p. m. narendra modi in dubai. just got emotional seeing the speech on tv.
dear we know you are anti modi , but isn t the headline too low?
you are absolutely correct. namo is omnipotent.
n india is ashamed of u, for ur spelling mistake
few months ago modi ji announced that the citizens of many countries will get visa on arrival at indian airports n it s not done till date.
24 modi talks about sab ka saath, sab ka vikas do you think all sections of society have benefitted and all round
tere jaise modi hater k liye specially hahaha cry baby, ur jealousy n hatred is disgusting
it was nice to heared pm narendra modi from uae.
what the monsoon session tells us about modi and indian politics
never has a recent indian leader connected with people across the globe so effectively yielding results marhaba namo
that s what i meant jai
from today i ll pray for a jugalbandi between sushma swaraj n namo,if it happens sm ll be paralyzed!
and this what makes him a great person !
amazing speech....feeling proud to have pm like modi modi in dubai
how many you wear skull cap.
how many you give iftar party.
but no indian leader can match craze for modi in islamic country. modi in dubai
happy to be called bhakt rather presstitute like you... modi is so committed to country. hey r u committed to your hubby?
why is madein india bahu of pak living in uae? as good as pakistan? no? then why?
orop debate has proven that modi bhakts are from the same asshole breed as the ones from cong n other pol parties
my greatest leader ever. namo
even a katta sickular can t pick sentence in today s modi sppech. if he picked then he she should be awarded bharat ratna. modi in dubai
50,000 tweets during the speech alone using the the tag gt gt modi in dubai
very true...
modi s popularity increasing its speed like ferrari.
125 crore indians a source of power pm modi what power? cheap labor? child labor with almost 100 crore functionally illi
now i got that.... modi the rock star
hope at least in namo regime true secularism will be implemented seen, defeating all pseudo secularists amp their ulterior motives.
both are too intense and fcary . modi is quiet pleasant even when he makes difficult points .
modi in dubai modi is a leader without compare
sathyam parayalo i never admired or followed modi..
if he can come out of bjp and rule as a real politician then i will..!!
contiue
development has taken place under modis tenure?
cant say
i like the new, improved modi as opposed to the one who couldn t bear wearing a skull cap months ago
love the speech of my favourite shree narendra modi namo in dubai it was owesome india ka pm ho th aisa ho warna na ho love u sir really
dude, have a drink and get to bed.by tomorrow all this will look like a bad dream.then you can get back to modi bashing.
indian pm modi addressing a crowd of around 50,000 people at the dubai cricket stadium at the movement . .
he is...
another gem from mr pm.there are 700 flights between india and dubai but it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here modi modi in dubai
another story. 1 40 rs,pak china wil be scared,lion modi.lahore le aayene,modi wil get 10pak soldiers head agianst o
abpnewstv pm narendramodi takes veiled swipe at over
proud to be follower of modi
very aptly put across
he accepted it with humility. but when modi ji gave a press advt to take credit for the help, he returned.
great challenge for modi
ours is a vibrant democracy maam. modi is a strong leader. elected. when he speaks he speaks he reveals the mind of indians.
for news channels in india, pm speech on foreign visits on primetime turns into modi primetime bulletin . such a blockbuster!
once again a super hit performance by narendra modi. dubai speech had everything from economy to terror amp hit the right cord
working hard to somehow spin this modi in dubai visit. modi makes these sickulars work hard. full sympathies.
no names, but pm modi s dubai speech takes on pakistan prime minister narendra modi didn t mention pakistan, but...
this headline in khaleej times is a bit tricky narendra modi ends speech at dubai cricket stadium isn t it?
modi in dubai now indian muslims will put fatwa and term dubai as kafirs since it hosted modi
chai piya hoga. but i agree with namo sir perfectly. i have never seen him wasting time.
har har modi.... u make us proud
dear , did modi become secular or did sheikh mohd bin zayed become communal?? modi in uae
modi threatened pakistan from uae today.uae proved they are collaborating with raw to destabilize pakistan,particularly kchi
modi in dubai modi in uae i feel so proud 2 be a citizen of a country bcoz of namo unbelievable god s gift to india on
in media s opinion, modi has gotten every country he visited to invest in india after impressing them in one bloody visit. seriously, die.
modi in dubai something reverberted in my ears last from 16 11 13 it was sachin sachin today it was modi modi.i guess my choice is r8.my hero
pm to visit bihar for his 3rd pre assembly rally
prime minister narendra modi to visit bihar on tuesday as p...
narendra damodardas modi hits fours amp sixes at dubai international cricket stadium...well played, sir...
people who need to, will get the message
modi is a true gujarati. asks you to gift your sister an insurance policy that costs 330 rs.
thank you pm!
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae govern
1 of the example for people having doubts about modi visiting foreign countries
congrats. that is modi governance.
proud moment gt we are becoming pa of new history with you
extracting 75b investment by uae without any timeline,similar offers were made by japan 35b china 20b but no one know the status
i appreciate the way our beloved and respected pmo india sir is doing for our country s progress developed india
i always told manmahon was better than namo but people used to laugh.. now it s proven
rajiv sonia are simply not in the same league as modi..in this case goliath wins..the davids nee gandhis losesmiley
what baffles me is that why pm modi is yet to visit a farmer s house and etonguelain why his idea of land bill is better
modi in dubai modi has done rally for bihar election in dudai itself...
all the sickulars n presstitutes are groping for cover not knowing wht to say or do next. has stolen their thunder. namo namah
this rakhi, gift your sister life insurance policy
no mr. modi, everyone is against terrorism. problem is we are labelled as being pro terror if we talk about how the state causes terrorism
modi in dubai wow,what a speech,how do he gets that entu after so many meetings.modi u r tireless,real inspirer,india indians r winning.
pm modi talks of 5crore houses in 7yrs. housing scheme approved by modi govt has only 6lakh houses till 2019. modi in dubai
modi s parliament in dubai. feeling low in india
but no indian leader can match craze for modi in islamic coun
day by day modi etongueosing himself. his every speech whether international or 15 august is not more than election speech.
a great achievement for pm modi
india s modi visits labour camp, a clear message that will not allow rampant etongueloitation of its workers
his highness sheikh mohammed has given me so much love and affection which i cannot forget.
dude, wtf? you broke up with me?
reaction of nawaz sharif, after modi trolled pakistan standing in the heart of uae their so called brother mulk
pm narendra modi to inaugurate rs 6,200 crore road projects in bihar
1 prime minister narendra modi will...
modi in uae .. modi used a tern.. people with na pak iraade . terrorism was the centre point in a region that is staring at the arab leaders.
modi in uae cheap cheaper cheapest pm modi...he insults india in foreign soil
25 has modi government done enough 2 strengthen national security against terrorist attacks?
dubai was rehearsal for bihar speech. but modi can t praise muslims amp christians in bihar
modi knows how to put up a show and a damn good one at that.
world saw live telecast of packed stadium,no doubt has given indians hope,haters can keep hating
offered to the congitards who was showing empty stadium at modi rally modi in dubai
modi in dubai speech i m delighted to see the continuous speech of sir modi.. proudtobe indian modi in uae
eminent amp thinking gentlemen know that modi is the only world leader who won with 750 million votes modi in dubai
modi batted against terrorism but against whom ? which terrorism ?
few months ago modi ji announced that the citizens of many countries will get visa on arrival at indian airports n it s no
modi always rcoks modi in dubai
mba student sikkim ma
30 population in uae are indian. and dont have strategic partnership, biggest chutiyapa ever. thnx namo ur real leader. modi in dubai
did you see the empty stands behind modi?its kept empty for security reasons.is it hard to comprehend
amen!!!!!!
media and critics of aap, plz note. this is difference between aap govt and bjp govt!
he is doing everything 4 his survival in hypocrite journalism,also post modi crap like him feeling directionless
modi s speech in dubai attended by 75000 indians amp feel proud of achievements. successful visit with a commitment of 4.5 lac crores. rahul?
you are either with humanity or with terrorism
there is no good terrorism or bad terrorism modi.
good terrorist babu bajrangi, aseemanand others
bad terrorists dawood , lakhvi
and what are you ? modi s ass licker? or cocksucker??
dad spent most of his professional life in uae, he said if he were still living there he would definitely go to the stadium to see modi !!
proud of my pm namo large gathering at dubai cricket stadium only for our pm namo ! dubai mein dhamaka!!!!!!!!!!
. ht
seriously actors amp actresses sae jayada fans toh hamare pm ke hai.. love it when they scream modi..modi..modi smiley
scorecard as of now
modi rest of india century
modi ap duck out.
q.define but
a.but is a word which sagarika g starts her tweets with, every time modi does something which indians are proud of.
sir modi is responsible for entire country not 4 delhi there is an elected cm who purchased tons of onions whr r they?
modi actin fearless in uae. if u hv real guts cm address the numerous issues raised in parliament in india. stop running away!
modi has people s mandate. on the other side nawaz s elections were controversial. and pakistanis don t give dam about ns.
modi always tries to fool people that he build the nation in last one year.
pm modi targets previous governments from uae congress calls it national insult . modi insulted india
pakistan doesn t care about such balls, they care about bomb.
narendra modi the most dynamic prime minister that india has ever witnessed!! modi in dubai
na mo is truely a regional leader, to which ever region he goes, he can pull crowd. got it congoons !! modi in dubai
gud terror, bad terror this wont wrk.decision has to b takn r u wth terrorism or humanity modi
indeed his decision wil b voraciously awaited
china will again etongueloit this big brother mentality enforced by modi over neighboring countries .
modi first indian pm who threatened pakistan from the land of uae today.
for news channels in india, pm speech on foreign visits on primetime turns into modi primetime bulletin .
uae now with modi. next step will it be ksa. if that done, pakistan is finito.
pm narendra modi s very very aggressive speech in dubai cvr news via
pm modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential ache din
modi is taking foreign policy and diplomacy to a great new level . modi in uae
non bjp supporters tongueressing admiration for namo..proves his sincerity in efforts touches every india welwisher!
modi in dubai best speech between 50000 people.modi is best leader is world.good to talk about terrorism big issue.thanks to use. love u uae
modi in dubai excellent
proud of you pm modi sir
just heard asking why did modi ask for land for temple and not mosque in uae? modi in dubai
dear pseudo seculars and aaptards,
hope you have listened to modi ji in uae. do you still think that he is just a...
modi indian choose government thinking that u all do something gud for them rather fighting among urselves...i wish i could meet u
narendra modi clears terrorism stand in uae joint statement zipped news
anoder sleepless nite 4 congtards, wht a pity congress slaves try slping, don t bother dat modi will come in dreams
pm modi takes veiled attack at pakistan over terrorism at dubai cricket stadium
a ba in english hiding under his bed after a rousing modi speech
seriously..modi shd request saudi govt telecast s live analysis,while getting lashed tongue
. narendra modi .narendra modi jigri dost thank you narendramodi good night all friends good morning all friends
there is no good terrorism or bad terrorism modi
bad terrorists dawood , lakhvi others
and enthusiasm cant be buy as we always see in congress party rallies. modi rocks.
india young nation, full of opportunities pm modi..
modi bats for world peace at dubai stadium
modi hit u.a.e rahul sonia fits faint
modi ji is one of the world
oops
today s speech was masterful. back on top oratorial form. style, substance, the lot. namo in dubai
dear ,not just sagarika, but her husband amp other modi haters etc hv blocked me modi in dubai
instead of focussing on delhi he wants to attack only modi? why do u think he does that?
modi has performed very well as usual, he is a performer on stage maroof raza modi in uae
u mean including indian politician mr. shashi tharoor.?? u may be knowing him quite well. y u troll him today hiding behind modi
those who can t see this amp digest this are not indians! modi left an indelible mark in uae! proud to hav him as pm
125 crore indians source of power pm modi 19 cr totally illiterate 21 cr cant afford school amp 68 cr functionally illiterate so what power?
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi dubai the crown prince of the united...
people chanting modi modi, like he just defeated australia in middle of a dust storm modi in dubai
the high standards pm modi is setting for next pm candidate are so tough that it will be impossible for next indian pm to match modi energy.
we have once again los
today pm modi has rocked in dubai.., but rajdeep wasn t there to cover the news..!!!
even the most internet addicted fellow also stood still to watch live in television..what a spellbound speech!! modi in dubai
ohh please they r intellectuals, hating modi is new liberal trend, loving him is too mainstream wink
seriously ? thought there was enough proof against both.wonder why modi govt is going soft agnst gandhi s!
namo vs rajdeep strictly in that order! ...
this rahul kanwal is a servant of modi.
biggest terrorist is modi ur pm. centre of rapes shameless india. .
after a long time d same respect i have fr you is back again. good one rahul ji. now join d modi brigade ! v need you
..yes.. undoubtedly ...mr. modi is the best! !!..
i think all politicians must have this disease namo monia
well done namo. proud of you really.
modi speeches have always been inspiring modi in dubai. but rest of things still look the same.
125 crore indians source of power pm modi 19 cr totally illiterate 21 cr cant afford school amp 68 cr functionally illitera
modi ji if you get free from your stage show, can you please tweet on ? modi in dubai
more towards usa!
it seemingly created series of quakes in neighbourhood pun intended .
26 modi government is anti poor and favors big corporate
n
two different faces of modi saheb
face 1 in
while s busy creating chaos in lok sabha, amp continue working diligently
no where.
..... this was way back in 2013.
you heard prime minister s speech, ?!
thanks namo
big thanks to modi ji......
android m is not modi but next will be narendra pakka.
true....
dont mind sir.u r muslim! sure! 2day i m getting wonderful comments on modi by muslims! hope, pm modi wl work also 4 muslims.
plz voted narendra modi jiii
if the world loves our pm,
is that really a bad thing modi haters ??
proved wrong sorry, anand sharma completely got etongueosed of his rowdiness weakness!
all credit goes to 1.25 billion according 2 na mo in , in other way it s our fore fathers who had 5 6 children average.
i agree with modi ji whats the vision of india in 2022 .. no one tells this so directly
for those who criticize modi for visiting foreign countries, he got 4.5l crore investment support for permanent seat in unsc.
yeah of tether l they don t cooperate then we don t care
modi is a lion
few months ago modi ji announced that the citizens of many countries will get visa on arrival at indian airports n it s not
narendra modi is srk of politics. politicians opposes him, they want him to lose. and everyone knows he is the best! h
before speech all news channel becomes communal amp modi rocks
after speech modi says no words for orop. becomes secural.
dear ,not just sagarika, but her husband amp other modi haters etc hv blocke
eminent amp thinking gentlemen know that modi is the only world leader who won with 750 million votes modi in dubai s
malayalees get special mention in pm modi speech. and he speaks a sentence of greetings in malayalam modi in dubai
east or west modi and india is the best..
modi ji is still acting like an rss member. he must understand that he is now a pm of india
tweet like manish tiwari
heavy shelling going on in rs pura sector jammu and modi giving lecture modi in dubai ! tweet from international border rs pura
if modi was going to let down orop protesters, he should have at least appealed to their honour via
sri modi visiting to uae is bringing a great change in india which resulting to seize the illegal property of daud ebrahim in uae
mr modi ,that s fine , but what extra evidence you need here ?? .its too much , we will revolt..
better late than never. a realization that delhi ought to have given shape to several decades back.
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai ..congress gets confused if he is talking about...
what talk about cricket rather than money money . will he do selfi ego? he always does!
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi the crown prince of the united arab
but congress accuses modi for the same thing while drops on knees to praise sonia for doing same
surya ray pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi
this is modi etongueosed a 100th time and fools voted him and support him
respect that i got is for 125 cr indians pm modi..
every modi visit is preceded by a bjp events team which lays the groundwork. not suggesting he doesn t strike a chord, though
bad terrorists dawo
the uae visit was pathbreaking. got the opportunity to engage with...
so many muslims chanting modi, modi in stadium. adarsh liberals crying in one corner. modi in dubai
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae
after watching pm modi s powerful speech, there is only one sentiment resonating in every indian right now jai hind!!! modi in dubai
watched a documentary on n. korea!
learnet the reason why people like hitler and modi succeed in ruling millions!
answer
pm modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential prime minister narendra modi on monday made...
sanjeev kapoor s vegetarian spread for pm modi in uae star chef sanjeev kapoor, who was flown here specially ...
a historical event for uae
17 odi and now 1 modi modi in dubai modi in uae
today modi ji ...wow!
investments on hold, pm s modi s uae trip is really about three things oil, fdi and terrorism he doesnt do ...
after modi s dubai speech and in particular his hard stand on terrorism.
modi dard hai na. toh...
raga will vote for modi in 2019. tongue haha...
if modi is genuine pm, he shd bring dawood to india imdtly frm dubai.dont play wth ppl in india.
kahne kaa matlab ye ki modi ji is etongueert in announcements only but nothing is happening in reality so for how long he will be able 2do this.
who gives a damn to them !they r losers in front of modi !
so true .proud to have him as our pm
heard that even dawood was sitting in dubai stadium and clapping on every line by modi source
modi is man of match at dubai cricket stadium today after hitting a series of sixers.
live modi takes veiled dig at pakistan in dubai, wants world to unite against terrorism via
why does modi wanna stop him with congress? let him do his job. if he dies well he grows if he does
i dont hate modi as hatred doesnt have place in my heart but tht doesnt denies d fact that he is undeserving criminal to be the pm of india
just imagine the stamina of namo. he is no spring chicken, he is 64 and yet is upto mark in his dedication. hats off!!
this is where mother goose comes to cable street.
burnolification unlimited. enjoy the show.
feku goes to uae but not to iraq to get d 39 hostages held by is since last one yr.it is left to poor sushma but she s busy wid chotta modi.
great thoughtful initiative namo govt 2 launch accesible india 2 help differently abled people via
beyond his charisma amp oratory skills, modi is the right man for the job. he is changing the face of india for better. modi in
modi ji has not given any such statement as khadaksingh wants us to believe.
smaller companies etongueloit behind the contract law amp indian embassy does no gt forwarding the case2 uae labor department
even haters can t ignore modi ji
chootad das forgot about the anti modi bjp girl stuck in europe helped by sushma swaraj just a few months ago.
today s achievement of our great modi ji can be compared with the past s such achievements ????????
aunty ! mr modi is rockstar from india and lives in heart of 125 cr indians modi in dubai
absolutely! it s actually scary.
overhaul of education system takes time. but what restricts govt from jobs amp exams clean up? my post for
after watching pm modi s powerful speech, there is only one sentiment resonating in every indian right now jai hind!!!
if not for twitter, my world is filled with uncles amp aunties who are mad namo fanboys. this is like the attitude era equivalent for them.
2 2 second face....
face 2 of modi saheb in
pa 2 clip here 2 2
modi has raised indian standards so high that i ll probably say india india
dude dont tell me that s video shop every news channel is showing live yaar if this is real modi is fraud
kahne kaa matlab ye ki modi ji is etongueert in announcements only but nothing is happening in reality so for how long he will
ye pic bina caption ke hi funny hai.. on serious note, being a liberal i dont modi being a gaysmiley. well is he?
why grudge brownie points to modi dear didn t the uae govt sign a joint statement against terror sponsors
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights toi mobile the times of india mobile site
pm modi s dubai speech key highlights the times of india via
narendra modi use this time to push for special state for kerala in gulf modi in dubai
namo in dubai visit is a turning point in our relationship with the arab world. and narendra modi has come out as a winner!
ths was the modi poweer dubaai ke speech se lucknow me aag laggaya
pm namo said there r no good terrorists amp no bad terrorists. supporting yakub memom means one is a terrorist
thanks to namo,we were spared of nonsense preached by your news channels today
modi in dubai every should be proud of our modi who roars in an nation against and wel
oh !what a probachan.seems taken monkey brain before reaching dubai. namo,touching yr heart can u claim an honest ! u r ??
1 should criticize for his work bt not 4 his background , education amp only because he s modi. later ones get trolled
and modi is a local leader and people do not know him beyond gujarat!?
u modi hater why dint u see the speech? now you just take out useless things only to pin point our rockstar.
sealing lalit modi s a cs in singapore is a strong warning to all those who are involved in illegal financial activities let it be any where
never before in the history of indian politics i have seen dynamic and inspiring leader. thank you modi ji
we are blessed with him... modi ji inite us
125 crore indians a source of power pm modi what power 21cr under 19 cant afford school in child labor is child labor p
very nice speech.. modi ji..
modi ministry nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai
amazing namo effect..almost surreal !
modi ministry pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple
modi s words concluding central asian tour in tajikistan. direct link pok
don t compare srk with modi, modi is nothing infront of srk in popularity especially in middle east and number of european nations
right modi ji.. 125 core people its one big family thats the one..thats y we say
mera bharat desh
proud to be indian modi in dubai
every death due to terrorism is unfortunate,, either in bangkok or of home minister from a state of neighborhood.
modi ministry cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill
you said it smiley
modi might not be a rock star, but he is rocking heart amp minds of whole world. minus sickulars amp pakistanis
in comparison to ,his predecessors look extremely lethargic in their approach 2 foreign policy modi in uae namo in dubai narendra modi
kahne kaa matlab ye ki modi ji is etongueert in announcements only but nothing is happening in reality so for how long he will be
pm modi to inaugurate rs 6,200 cr road projects in bihar tomorrow.
never has a recent indian leader connected with people across the globe so effectively yielding results
great modi ji
honorable dear pm of india,just out of the namo dubai program, while i appreciate you mentioning about the nri contribution.
we ll disagree on most things modi, my friend. i like a lot of things he does, hope those multiply smiley
they ordered television sets too. a lot of tvs were thrashed mercilessly in protest of namo s merciless trolls 4 pak. modi in dubai
modi to dubai indians never apologize for having high standards.
modi in uae twin crackers as modi gets temple and mosque
narendra modi highlights indias humanitarian role in nepal ,when earthquake jolted the count
this counter keeps increasing every time namo travels abroad!
breaking news , after modi speech in uae, burnol will be out of stock for another 1 year where is ms iyer the great ?
modi sir i wish i had a chance to meet u....but not tat lucky m i
y no reaction by anyone when a hindu prime minister asks for land for temple from uae? modi isn t pm of hindus. isn t he pm of all indians?
india, emirates united against terror pm modi..
have we been circulating enough modi in uae memes to bring whatsapp down already?
sharp attack by namo
what s wrong with ufa its pak who betrayed, modi didn t do a shermal sheikh whr congi pm sold our interest
big blow to rana,bdutt,rajdeep,sagarika!pm namo in saffron scarf without scull cap in mosque
really modi guru is great he is gathering whole world to india makeing and india a strong united states of bharath usb
moreover md desai didnt have charisma like namo has
india272 pm addressing the gathering at the indian community reception, in dubai cricket stadium
it wont be erroneous to say that people of india is lucky to have pm like narendra damodardas modi, no one i repeat no one can replace him !
all the sickulars n presstitutes are groping for cover not knowing wht to say or do next. has stolen their thu
mr. ,as u don t follow the laws over loc then go 2 rather than kiling innocent on bordrs india violates lo c modi in uae
the high standards pm modi is setting for next pm candidate are so tough that it will be impossible for next indian pm to ma
great speech by mr modi in uae....
modi ji unite us..he is the face of secular india now...
great speech!you are the ideal leader,who can preach in any topic ,any moment and any place.namo india.
maroof how much investment hascome now after 1yr vacccation by modi..stop being spineless
.narendra modi .narendra modi jigri dost. good night all friends. good morning all friends thank you.
first sensible tweet on implications of marhaba namo . don t etongueect all msms to state this.
if everyone would have been benefitted then we would not have seen ppl going against bjp...
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple toi mobile the times of india mobile site
uae allots land to build first temple in abu dhabi,prime minister narendra modi
baaghi tv congress criticizes modi over ceasefire violation
pm goes to a foreign country and requests land for a temple he believes only hindus exists in india...
were all 50,000 modi bhakt? it s time to see the writing on the wall
neither money nor status not even sexy girls. only narendra modi s outside india thrilling speeches inspire me to become an nri
it wont be erroneous to say that people of india is lucky to have pm like narendra damodardas modi, no one i repeat no on
24 modi talks about sab ka saath, sab ka vikas do you think all sections of society have benefitted and
modi got the nuances right. ample praise of the royals and that too with the right titles. modi in dubai
narendra modi on muslims and islam
if not for twitter, my world is filled with uncles amp aunties who are mad namo fanboys. this is like the attitude era equivale
vote on the poll modi in uaeis good for india? on modi in uae is good via
these intellectual liberal mandali hate modi and then decipher each and every sentence of modi s speech. no matter, ppl call them libtards
bjp thinks modi is a charismatic leader... crowds think he is more an entertainment figure...
i m a fan of such kinda imagination...
a man truly passionate in his mission despite such adversity
mr. ,as u don t follow the laws over loc then go 2 rather than kiling innocent on bordrs india violat
modi knows what to say, when to say? a real communicator. modi in dubai
modi in dubai for every million supporters modi has one hater.u can count his haters from a population of 1.2 billion ppl who luv him to bits
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi ndtv
can flourish nd cherished such typ of nthusiastic audiences evn a bg slap on congrs nd other who sought wrng abt modi against relgn
congress grumbles modi not speaking in parliament. busy with work action not to clarify on silly issues to yechury, anand amp rahul? not upa.
there ws call center2 help indian in distress in foreign country.this ws discounted by modi sarkar.restart is welcme
ultimate will be when namo brings about a peace deal between uae and iran smiley
well done modi sir ..you are a crowd puller in real sense... modi in dubai
these intellectual liberal mandali hate modi and then decipher each and every sentence of modi s speech. no matter, ppl c
modi against all kind of terrorism? ok then samjhauta blast accused swami aseemanand implicates rss chief
well modi ji is a hercules not a hero.
i don t denote bicycles.
dubai chanting wooohoooo you rock sir!!!! modi in dubai
. heard the next stop for goliath is david s land, wonder what benjamin thinks of goliath!
modi ji ki bhut hi acchi speech thi aaj very nce in the world
also, have to wait for a while to listen to modi ji s speech in dubai because no live streaming in this country
the r also millions of pak community wrkng in different capacity in gulf,so hv ever our pm addressed 2 such big ?
dubai pm modi addresses massive crowd, lauds etongueatriates, thanks uae
india, u.a.e. plan 75 billion fund as modi seeks investment bloomberg
is modi,like his predecessors,etongueloring mauritius route of investment like investestment from dubai?
this is message to the world ..india is growing higher with a great leadership of mr modi modi in uae
don t know much about india s pm narendra modi but he seems to have brought new blood into india s leadership.
just b coz of make popularity modi
pm narendra modi on indo uae joint statement denouncing terrorism
economy picking up just due to modi s speeches. so much methane.
will succeed despite congress creating roadblocks. will rule in delhi despite modi not liking him. good night.
bhai did you hear the word rasoda in modi ji speech on i day speech ? often he uses such gujju words..
prime minister narendra modi on monday reworked the magic of us s madison sqaure as he addres..
modi is so careful about indian diaspora but he don t care about indigenous, he is playing antisocial politics.
modi has proven once again that majority of people r stupid and can be fooled as many times as anyone wants.
i m very very proud on ours pm narendra modi
narendra modi one of the amp most viewed ceos amp in india linkedin august 17, 2015 at 1angel1pm
not continue ..
but development is taking place slowly
good corruption bad corruption
this will also not work modi ji.
humanitarian corruption. as in case
marvellous speech by modi. find out some issues to discuss tomorrow.
liberals and seculars waiting for the end of modi magic modi in dubai
30 population in uae are indian. and dont have strategic partnership, biggest chutiyapa ever. thnx namo ur real leader.
pm modi not told dubai people , that he had killed thousands of innocent muslims in gujarat.
modi rocks in dubai, true indian strength showcased in stadium, outstanding speech
this is not play to perform...he is real life hero modi in dubai
i dont hate modi as hatred doesnt have place in my heart but tht doesnt denies d fact that he is undeserving criminal
modi government failed to control inflation and fooling public on petrol price... modi in dubai
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ji .. ??
modi draws more crowd in dubai then in india at a single venue
modi ji trolled pakistan like hell smiley modi in dubai
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple the economic times on mobile
modi in dubai unmatched uforia fr modi, that too without topi or iftaar! secular, u need to hunt some other ways to devastate bharat.
dubai cricket stadium has hosted 17 odis and now 1 modi.
ky2s2with pa ni fab5 if u want will request modi ji too
pm modi uses dubai speech to send out strong message against terrorism 1angel6 pmpm modi co...
probably can say india in asl reply of omegle
close friend of modi ji, mr. obama, is d 1st who distinguished good terrorism bad terrorism. is this warning of modi for mr. obama as well?
what abt the 3000 killed by him?
upa tried isolating pak in talks bjp is doing it by action amp talks. in the past 15mths, modi related terror to pak like never b4.
hopefully!
a blow to the pseudo secularists,modi s speech in dubai receives significant muslim praise marhaba na mo modi in dubai
are you serious
even the capital of bihar and up
doesn t get proper electricity
and you re talking about villages
has modi in dubai converted another ?
what a classic speech by his honorable prime minster mr.modi
thank you sir to visit uae we have lots hop from you
27 incidents of communal tensions have increased during modis rule
modi ji is in his element when addresing large crowds,he is a natural political speaker,has content and connect for his audience. modi in uae
namo spoke to indians. while indians r thrilled, secular indians will find it difficult to swallow..
great trust between india amp emirates pm modi..
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ji.. ??
modi should be called coz heis just gud in that, lets trend this tmrw and give him time of his life
excellent addressal by pm modi...feeling proud as an indian...jain hind modi in dubai
marhaba namo in dubai 10 things you must know namo namo
the indian blood namo
pm narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to uae the economic times on mobile
uae raises gold import duty issue with india prime minister narendra modi held wide ranging talks with the u...
ravish is busy taking out negativity in pm modi speech in dubai. sick minded. his he is a tv journalist or dalals of communist or congress..
aaj sare anti modi congressii ki ma beep beep ho chuki hai jai hind
na mo speaks in malayalam for people of kerala
... i really feel proud of you modi uncle ,to follow dignity in uae as we ll is mass pleasing? good work done?
modi ji is in his element when addresing large crowds,he is a natural political speaker,has content and connect for his a
modi in dubai there was nehru amp manmohan who used to address indians in english language and then there is modi who speaks hindi abroad !!
modi hater u must be having a restless night today to see his support even in a muslim country
mcen uae raises gold import duty issue with india prime minister narendra modi held wide ranging talks with ...
it was done back in 2013....not still credit goes to mr. modi....
nd the clue is presstitutes,congress, leftists will put aarop on modi govt over orop . watch out.
what i not understand is this congress s program from 2009 amp uae got it since 2010 then how modi started it now?!
dear modi sir ...
nice speech on cricket
ground dubai great sir
i like this
ji roked the dubai woooooooooo.
idiots like rpn singh is questioning modi ji s mental balance.. glorious idiot..
modi s words concluding central asian tour in tajikistan. direct link pok. pak has sensed war.
my dear friends why we cant come with majority to support modi ji he is doing for us only . cant be give a trouble free path to run ???
im gruding against modi at the moment, solely because i have the authority to do so as an indian amp pakistani national.
has modi inadvertently lent his shoulder 2 uae 2 get even wid pak as pak leans 2wards china amp us ??
modi shd bring don dawood to india imdyly frm uae. all knew tht he sheltered in uae. modi must bring him.
modi noes how to hit ppl where it hurts.. 2 enemies of country congress and pakistan taken to sixers, insulted and humiliated modi in dubai
burnol for modi haters after grand success of dubai meet.
how you guys manage to contact culprits so easily. chota shakeel was on phone now met lalit modi tw
ht tweets are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai modi in uae
are you for the of or ...
no of muslims in dubai turning up for namo s speech speaks support he is recieving from them namo in dubai
india today pm modi s statement regarding terrorism is pretty clear, and the ball is now in pakistan s court jaya
india today pm is not trying to isolate pak but if they don t cooperate it s up to them sk sharma, former diplomat
read my tweet again
why the hell u put that videshi with our pm ? suckers pm modi, sonia gandhi condemn bangkok bomb blast
namo sir take india as jagatguru in hole world
pm modi was on fire tonight mesmerizing oratory,straight talk on terror, social schemes amp foreign policy... marhaba na mo
i don t know why this kind of thinking. even jr. bush is an evangelical christian but as president he didn t push the agenda. so is modi.
they already did that by saying pm modi didn t maintain the dignity of the post by attacking congress modi in dubai
no , everyday terrorist attacks are happening ...
takes veiled swipe at over
times now electrifying an understatement to describe atmosphere at dubai cricket ground. a big thank you!tonguem modi
times now uae has been well thought through and chosen as the first destination for modi s visit in the arab world maroof raza
times now modi is now getting uae to invest in india which is a serious new move maroof raza modi in uae
indian performers at dubai cricket stadium during pm modi visit misuse of section 498a
times now modi has performed very well as usual, he is a performer on stage maroof raza modi in uae
feku goes to uae but not to iraq to get d 39 hostages held by is since last one yr.it is left to poor sushma but she s bu
a very welcome appeal by narendra modi for permanent unsc seat. frail britain and france can be dere. why can t we. modi in dubai
how do these people get to keep their jobs even after failing multiple times on basic job of reporting amp analysing?
your comments on modi speech today from dubai cricket ground would be appreciated. first time ever free round provided
hs d power of connecting people wid him. that s why modi goes 2 abroad 2 address thm. i m sure he wil alwys feel us proud namo in dubai
pm of india sh modi ji again rocks in dubai. he mentioned in his lecture about development of assam amp north east in foreign land. good sign
etonguelanation tough for those who think people voted modi to power because he promised 15 lakh. maybe u vote that way,not others
we ll have our hey ram moments all over again. actually oppn s hate for modi is same as that of pak for india
. modi in the gulf via
modi in dubai haters keep on hating... while modi steals the show again!!!
latest pm narendra modi took another jibe on former prime ministers
namo lives up to his rockstar aura yet again. modi in dubai
are ji ham to apko anti modi smjhte the.... bt looks like u r positive thinking journalist. glad to see that.
indians all over the world like to forget the proverb neki kar dariya may dhal after listening modi in dubai.
praise your charity !
to prop up with 4.5 lakh crore rupees
shashi tharoor wants cash from uk too
time india stood on own feet
arnab is praising modi..no ends..tonight.. any other opinion on modi does not matter now.. modi in dubai
coz they are not muslim actually they are hindustani and every hindustani enjoy modi jee speech. smiley
on the face those who were saying, no one know modi outside gujurat modi in dubai
he keeps doing it again n again n again... super ... salute... modi in uae modi in dubai
modi s n bjp s elecx appeal to nris in 2019 vote,support,elect modiji n 12 rock shows overseas in an year..free free free. modi in dubai
pm modi uses dubai speech to send out strong message against terrorism.
path of terror will never benefit anyone modi the hindu
is mr. modi solving an easy paper where his predecessor fails to do that?
i seec naidu supporters nd modi supporters of ap fighting all the time only can say right now naidu is only hope for ap nd modi for india
modi in dubai decisions are made at table only not with bomb s gun s n war s... namo on the path of gandhi..
is it because modi does not want any sympathy wave for the family as yet?
modi in dubai there was nehru amp manmohan who used to address indians in english language and then there is modi who spea
land for temple great decision pm modi..
bhai speech is awsm...modi is good but peoples in govt is just make it down
pm visits first zero carbon planned city masdar in abu dhabi firstpost
my leader.my rock star.my icon. my role model.
love you modi ji!!
u r right rahul kanwal..modi is really first pm in world having such a huge fan following.. he is the hope of india..
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai hindustan times
the prime minister of india
like a rock star
40 degrees in dubai during namo s speech..
80 degrees in presstitutes and liberal s house after namo s speech !!
it never disappoints being a modi bhakt
modi in dubai live indian prime minister concludes speech
narender modi is a universal king
. sir, this is not rumor but sarcasm tongue
because your tweeting some good about modi,which she cant digest.so no option left but to block you
india honest lalu and nitish no match for secular and development image of modi
uae crown prince will invest 4.5 lakh crore in india. na mo rocks...
hahahha.... burnol shud make modi it s brand ambassador... free of cost marketing
under duress??? is this translation right? what did modi say exactly?
in parallel universe and is day dreaming to replace modi as pm of india. rofl !!!!!!!!!!!
government policy. congress mukt bharat, congress time achievements go to bjp p
modi in dubai for left wing what karl marx was i see modi to be the god of right wings.......
30 to 40 thousands indians aren t only indians, modi ji.
they may have cheered.
but indians aren t so cruel to list their charity.
amazing speech by mr. narender modi abu dhabi. hats off to you..
b1 me about modi speech in dubai b2 it ed the crowd
they intentionally used to avoid interviews or public discourses. now journos are tired and modi roaring.
liar!! posting fake links to malign modi!! this is the right link paki pig
great work..successful trip.. trust building ..uae india brotherhood. foundation ..long live our respected leader modi ji..
it s not mms vs namo
it is quite understood maun mohan vs sab mohan.
today, tell me who is not influenced by
what is modi ?? who is modi ?? find out specially if u r hater .. !!
modi in uae billions fdi
i very proud my namo
last time i was enjoyed coz of sachin innings on this ground and this time modi recreated the magic. modi in dubai
with hawaii cushion chappals!
mr.modi initiate huge muhim effort to connect all indian who are in india or outside india. thanks modi in uae
pm narendra modi on indo uae joint statement denouncing terrorism na mo rocks in dubai
if modi takes wwf route, hed be a big hit with oldies. can imagine my dad front of tv amp going finally, namo has come back to ... india
modi in dubai modi in uae marhaba namo tectonic shift with pm s visit ... start of a new dawn... !!!
extracting 75b investment by uae without any timeline,similar offers were made by japan 35b china 20b but no
pm modi takes veiled attack at pakistan over terrorism at
will nsa level talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi top news
aap in overdrive the moment modi speech ended. as usual, high on hatred, low on substance. they re worse than congress modi in dubai
modi has some legacy now
apco, now seem to be go to pr agency for cos with hopeless legal tangles
after nestle, ftil hires apco
46666644466664446666666444466646464646464646464646464466666444666644466666664444
modi in dubai but where are pseudo seculars mainly are they in intensive care unit.
huge cheers in kerala! both and cm chandi worried. this modi charm can vanquish them in kerala! no?
but is trying to project modi visit ,reac
modi s speech motivates people. nation witnesses a dedicated pm modi who has no family no desire for power, to amass wealth. salute modi.
one killed during bomb making at the house of modi s bjp leader in kolkata
what do you mean dear? namo is our next pm and again the next one is also mamo.any doubts about it?
so is dawood being welcomed
you need a people to counter modi.
he keeps doing it again n again n again... super salute... modi in uae modi in dubai
amount of criticism modi receives from journalists is just huge. and yet he is dictatorial.
one of the best orator i have ever heard na mo modi in dubai
modi forgot to even mention about daud... people waited for the entire time to hear his first step which he failed in... modi in uae
did someone listened to s speech? amazing speech delivered by narendra modi must watch!
very true. lalit modi is living proof of this
indian media claiming that modi gave tough message to pakistan from dubai soil. your comment would be appreciated
wow india
modi in dubai steers both critics amp supporters both behaving hysterically cynical, 1st on modi s motive amp later on critics motive.
dubai cricket stadium flooded by namo s sixers... man of match narendra modi
damn, was in a meeting fighting with builder to speed up project as delayed gt 2years. missed modi in uae. father called up to tell namo rocked
modi ji taking each breath for bright future which we wanted that some one be there so strong who can understand our country from the depth
2 2 face 2 of modi saheb here
deep thinking, needed how pm modi could bring inflation low,gdp surging world s no.1,gst assuming get passed,more dear to muslims, so on?
people chanting modi in uae modi modi in mosque r nt just indian,secular s sweating badly today..
so today dubai witness a huge modi wave,it s perfect burnol moment for seculars and liberals modi in dubai
this is too much is giving back to back burnol nights to , yest it was temple n today this speech modi in dubai
so wanna popular urself by like this irritating post...,what do know about modi.u r mentally disabled.. drunk nd den write
dear modi sir, u r the best motivator to anybody sure we wll see u soon.
pm modi has 3 types of critics 1st those are jealous to his formidable success 2nd chicken hea ed 3rd clelks turned journalists
the land alloted for mandir in abu dhabi is given way back in 2013 when upa govt was in power modi taking
modi has a lion image wherever he goes he has a dominating personality he gets warm welcome
if you remove ur blinders mayb u cud see too
adarsh liberals must need after modi jis speech modi in dubai modi magic
world is recognising new india pm modi..
what a mesmerising speech by the pm at dubai .u can hire a stadium but not the crowd .modi baiters wake up n smell the coffee. good show pm.
the convoluted logic of modi in dxb is exactly the kind of thinking that saw isis spread across syria and iraq
a muslim man s love for modi ...i hope all congressi watching...
hate modi blindly will not workout among not only indians but also world wide.
most amazing style of pm narendra modi
modi in dubai brothers winning hearts thums up toofani kabaddi ki and ka
witnessing a mini india in dubai modi prime minister narendra modi on monday told an ecstatic crowd of aroun...
modi can count to infinity twice. modi in dubai
not anti poor but a lot has been done in the favour of bigggg corporates and top industrialists ..
this chap genuinely thinks modi hired people to clap and cheer at the right time in dubai. what a genius.
... and that s the bottomline, coz namo... said so!
lolzzz.. nice nice
waiting to listen congees reaction.. ye modi ki india se bulai bheed hai modi in dubai
thailand wedding pullav trailer modi
modi s foray to gulf and west asia is the beginning of a new and historic chapter in india s strategic manoeuvring! modi in dubai pm modi
thank you ali. this is why i love you. who is modi to talk about terrorism. remember when he presided over a gt
what about modi speech today in dubai??
pm ji attacking in public meeting in the stage won t workout for terrorism.
work with your counter.
na mo i didn t get a rupee when i sold tea amp today, v don t get tea for re 1 mani shankar aiyar goes face palm again
a stupendous success for pm modi. you have to be blind not to see the mood in dubai stadium!!
there is hardly a difference between kejriwal and modi. both are duping people
modi in dubai pm issues veiled warning to pakistan over terror
aftr doing a fair tweet on namo sheik sg demonstrates his antinamo credential 2 24x7 channel 2 remain in gudbook
uae support to india against paki terror shows that modi doval doctrine of diplomatically isolating pakistan is working well. modi in dubai
brothers winning hearts
bangkok modi
color of blood..?
some indian has different color of blood prof modi
may need to wait until android n narendra laughing
good one...
prakash jha should sign mr modi for his next film. what theatrics by mr jumla modi in uae
pm has a special meeting with from .
modi in dubai change of leadership and change of direction. a true leadership shown by modi at home and abroad.
sitting on those empty chairs will be the blind aaptards who don t want to see modi s charm smiley
i have not see the energy of any human in the world as namo has 44 degree heat amp giving speech which is one of the best
must the daughter of an indian journalist.
mr narendra modi is real son of indai. i see your uae visiting officialese picture god save you
dares to raise the issue of war against terrorism standing on soil of middle east asia. that s it.
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi ndtv all the news
thats modi lovers amazing!!!!
and sickular morons compare modi to and modi in uae
modi in dubai deepest gratitude 2 our pm modi 4 his memorable visit to uae made every indian feel proud of ur visit.
tomorrow modi will say i m 1st pm of india. then bhakts will say yes yes. b4 u all were idiots.
hahaha
awesome speech at dubai... na mo
most amazing style of pm narendra modi....
thums up toofani kabaddi
we allow foe in india. to each his her own views. we think of pak as terror sponsoring state against all neighbours
hey n learn 2 address pm, he is not mr modi he is pm modi u bastards
spewing narendra modi never had a script to steer the country of aspiring youth into a great nation.
great speech modi ji. better than u.s. and great success
and after modi ji became pm. in any show u can see saba naqvi horribly trying to cover insult with an awkward smile
who so ever writes modi s speeches hire them !!
people in the stadium were shouting modi modi after every single sentence...
at least use prefix pm before modi.
lots of program started by modi sarkar you also even know but as i said have patience everything gonna be alright
whether it be imf or world bank, all ranking institutions have said india is growing at the fastest pace
modi in dubai steers both critics amp supporters both behaving hysterically cynical, 1st on modi s motive amp later
modi s n bjp s elecx appeal to nris in 2019 vote,support,elect modiji n 12 rock shows overseas in an year..free fre
pm narendra modi to leave for delhi, shortly. modi in uae
... bt in home pakistan continue to violate ceasefire for 9th day in a row...
wah modi ji wah kya mara pakistan ko
today, tell me who is not influenced by modi in dubai modi in uae
na mo became and promoting in this is the big set back for people .
modi visited mosque to get muslim votes in bihar. never visited jama masjid in delhi.
which pm. ok did you refer great namo
blind goddesss this invstmt has been promised long back nd reiterated today..prblm is u never read wht happnd b4 modi in india
people may criticise his foreign tours, but the best thing about modi government is undoubtedly foreign diplomacy. the best in the business.
it s modi in dubai and all are tweeting about sachin tendulkar, sandstorm innings and sharjah cup.
modi effect or sachin effect? laughing
bhai modi ji hv raised bar so high i think other than morons ne1 dare to dream to b pm so easily. no stands as tall as him
sanjeev kapoor s vegetarian spread for pm modi in uae star chef sanjeev kapoor, who was flown here specially by hosts uae, prep
thailand modi
sir pls be fair to modi like u review films. pls pls pls pls i request u...coz i have lot of respect for u
modi in dubai modi rocks in dubai 2 min silence for the media prestittutes after seeing the popularity of modi
abe gandu chup kar.
modi is the best pm ever. period.
sir, i support ur views on namo but u r a mediocre film maker...and it is just plain truth
heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen rahul kanwal of all...finally the truth dawned on him.....finally.... this is modi mania..
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ji ..???
thailand
wedding pullav trailer modi
can we find our modi s iq level through i?
just asking modi in dubai
sushil modi said after listening n.modi speech in dubai that modi ji you are great so it may be said aare bhai great tau great hi rahenge
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai
don t compare modi ji with anyone
on indian land you mean, right smiley why not, india is as foreign to them as world is to namo.
hi again ,please do not tell me that they are asking modi to wear skull cap! modi in dubai marhaba namo
this our modi come back to india all foreigners
etongueerience india now modi in dubai
hate of modi is giving you double chin, do some yoga exercises or your value will go down among page 3 party circuit.
wedding pullav trailer
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ji ...?
both congress amp pak r bad 4 development of india! one is enemy within amp the other across the border.
it was decided in 2013 that the temple will be built in abu dhabi so how modi ji has arranged it with uae govt?
modi in dubai awesomeness redefined....modi modi....
those who don t drink amp smoke get treated like ishaan avasthi from tzp. modi must bring awareness about this too. tongue tongue
like what?
but modi believes otherwise! 1 2
will nsa level talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi congress asked pm n...
be one stand up just plan for a full confidence of being behind modi ji, and against who are only planning obstacles are we not supposed?
modi success mangalayaan gr8 n sharp n clear picture of canyon at mars is appropriated by world community.
as per amp saffron history , is the 1st bhagwa pm to vist period.
wow wht a power packed speech! like it or not efforts on terror fructify or not u got to salute modi s energy in relentlessly promoting ind.
maritime security india, uae denounce terrorism in all forms modi and prince mohamed agreed to establish a st...
maritime security narendra modi attends marhaba namo community reception in dubai to secure safety of the...
i am doing business in dubai from many years , i knw what indians doing and how sheikhs rules not like feku modi !
modi didn t visit for vote bank as other political party leaders do in india.modi went
islam coming of age by showing a tolerant side of islam?
are countries like saudi arabia,..and pakistan taking note?
namo wins heart again. no pseudo promises, just all heart when he speaks. he has born to rule the world. modi in dubai modi rocks in dubai
but modi believes otherwise! 2 2
people chanting modi modi, like he just defeated australia in middle of a dust storm like sachin did modi in dubai
woos , says india has 1 trillion investment potential
the energy and positivity that our pm modi ji exhibits is inspiring!
true. as i said after modi in madison, if modi says don t vote for that american presidential candidate, he she will lose.
if i get even half the energy modi has i would be invincible modi in dubai
if u want to know national interest from modi s uae visit,thn watch dd news and for entertainment watch others news chanl
one man show..... incredible narendra damodardas modi .... modi in dubai
no ..
first it looked that this govt will be anti muslim but later there was nothing like that !!!
journalists cheering for modi! sad state of affairs! not presstitutes but prostitutes of modi shah! cc !
an extraordinary speech by prime minister modi. sir you rocked tonight in dubai modi in dubai warningto pak make in india
earlier communists were ridiculed in cartoons for the same reason rain in ussr, umbrella in kolkata . hope modi knows that.
has pm modi reached out to the muslim world? prime minister narendra modi began his two day trip to the uae by visiting the historic...
full speech pm modi s address in dubai prime minister narendra modi who is in uae for a two day visit, is interacting with the indi...
modi magic in dubai. amazing speech resonates with the nris. modiin dubai namoin dubai
bcoz only paper work was done back than by congress..but now real work ll be done by modi govt.
as sickulars say. u can buy 100 bhakts to chant modi modi.
but no one can buy 50k bhakts? that too in foreign land.
pm modi rocks in dubai.. uae to invest rs.4.5lackscrores in india...!!!
finally a secular congressi replied to muslims cheering for modi ye muslims nahi bohra community hai modi in dubai only taliban is muslim
i hope modi ji brings my iphone this time !!
gr8 to see such a crowd for pm modi in uae
pm ji one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin
a true leader
i love modi sarkar
nothing much all eyes on dxb sortie of pm modi
dear all, this is my humble request whenever modi deliver a speech plz avoid few channels aajtak, abp, tn, ndtv,indianews modi in dubai
yes he has broken new seal of ..... not gulf u idiot rajdeep modi bhakt . u want to become minister send your w..e
modi rocks! making us proud! real rockstar!!!!!!!!
4.5 lakh crore investment in one visit.it says all about your caliber mr.modi..
pakistan still trying to figure out how hard prime minister narendra modi slapped them in emirates! modi in uae
can
just wondering what pappu,nk or lalu must have said if they were addressing this gathering..surely modi ,modi modi and modi !! modi in dubai
it doesn t matter modi is in india or out of india ...lots of spectators come to listen ....superman of india modi in dubai
hon. p. m. respect hard as well as smart work that is why modi, modi in usa, australia, n uae
modi magic works again namo in dubai
r u nicer to modi than rahul baba? if so thn u deserve treatment from sagarika the gr8
our to be pm in 3019 spends more holidays in countries modi never visited. , spain, venezuela, italy, etc.
to all those who say what mr. modi has done in all these months
you should def go watch amp listen to his live speech from dubai modi in dubai
modi uae has agreed to invest rs 4.5 lakh crore in india... congress die....isase jyada ka to hum scam karte the... modi in dubai
krk u need a medical treatment.....
bihar ko kya kya chayea. modi kal bihar aa rahe hain. please post the problems and other requirment of bihar
indian pm takes selfie at sheikh zayed grand mosque with uae s
why owaisis entry into bihar polls may spell disaster for pm modis mission 185
why pakistan jealous?? now uae and india are best friends. modi is the best
modi acting fearless against terrorism in uae. does that include ur sanghi saffron terror that rss amp vhp carry out??
terrorist modi, uae cricket stadiums are alive due to pakistani heroes
mt everyone pakistan has an etongueiry date. someone namo s bharath is just hastening those dates.
they were mentioning about their own heartbun dil ki aag!
international co operation and co ordination is needed, which modi ji fulfills
real difference
pm issues warning to pakistan from dubai
uae is a magnate which attracts indians from all parts the country. it attracts the entire world now pm modi modi in d
pm narendra modi leaves for new delhi. modi in uae
what modi will not say when modi in dubai is about nihalchand maya kodani vitthal radia , surajbhan singh , yeddurapaa etc etc
thailand wedding pullav trailer
android m is not modi, what s the use of having an indian ceo at google.
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modi s speech prime minister narendra modi today addressed 50,000 strong indi...
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modi s speech
modi s speech is like a t20 match instant kick, mass appeal, paisa time vasool amp last but not the least cheerleaders
modi actin fearless in uae. if u hv real guts cm address the numerous issues raised in parliament in india. stop running
i think if i was an indian minority in a foreign country i too would have loved modi. can t blame the nris.
he s here for a long haul not going anywhere....
this is portion of 4.5 lakh crore that namo referred in the dubai speech.
pm narendra modi reaches out to indian diaspora in dubai announces madad platform, e migrant portal
some chutiyas like are jealous of modi ji. refects 4m his tweets modi in dubai
so all haters are running for burnol after super show of strength india possesses in words of super modi in uae modi in dubai
somehow missed the 56inch chatti . has it shrunk?
ok, ok i get it, you hate modi. is it necessary to also be a troll?
pm modi win the heart of dubai. respect
i can imagine hahaha rofl
i am feeling proud...because modi ji is my pm.
you re now regretting not spending some 70 odd dinars, and going to watch modi?
we allow foe in india. to each his her own views. we think of pak as terror sponsoring state against all neighbours s
just like gujarat was all celebratory when was , i see indians believing more in themselves with as !absolutely
modi in dubai it has been painful for congress to take in, now that modi gets oil from uae, it won t be tongue
modi gives speeches in australia, us, dubai, everywhere but parliament! he will surely give msg a run for his money! tongue modi in dubai
after the speech of sir narendra modi at uae today may have stolen this night of pakistan and daud ibrahim....
super innocent face 1 in
i hope modi ji bring me an iphone this time !!
pakistan 3 1 2 friends are being weaned away by namo.
that s namo...
modi 3 16 says i just whooped pakistan s ass!
six questions for narendra modi. does believe in despite opposing it?...
just imagining how sonia will feel when modi goes to italy amp speaks tweets in italian. omg, unimaginable?
modi ji whn addresing large crowds,he is a natural political spkr,has content amp connect for hz audience
modi has amazing energy levels. today dubai..tomorrow bihar.. just amazing for his age
modi s speech is like a t20 match instant kick, mass appeal, paisa time vasool amp last but not the least cheerleaders modi magic
some chutiyas like are
jealous of modi ji . refects 4m his tweets
with growing no. of namo success stories we must ensure not to give trp to modi in dubai
is a karma yogi..opposition,adverse circumstances et al,are a goldmine of opportunities for such peoplesmiley
now burj khalifa also welcome modi ji in dubai modi in dubai
what a speech ..
namo wave everywhere!!..
you simply rock with your words sir
are you with terrorism or againstit? modi asks in
why modi is in dubai. read it here
when modi said,kuchh logon ko takleef hota hai,congis,aaptards, n pak got confused modiin dubai
congress could not point a single corruption misuse of power by modi govt they want pm to come to parliament to clarify on silly issues
kejri amp his kumar vishwas sat on saudi stage loling on modi s wife joke, modi has shown guts by talking terror in same place modi in dubai
narendra modi uae visit indian prime minister says country has 1t investment potential
ouch.
brilliant, brilliant, brilliant speech from modi in dubai. every point of modi s speech was brilliant in dubai.
haha..good one...!!
best outcome of pm modi uae visit arnab found no cause to yell amp scream,get outraged,go ballistic. india will sleep more peacefully tonight
commented great modi ji, on the discussion
massage giving to narendra modi india great pakistan people and isis people narendra modi i am clean only target pakistan
thodak to reham kha le !!
jealous of modi ji. refects 4m his tweets
pm narendramodi issues warning to pakistan from dubai
i appreciate action of prime minister modi ji.
we want him again and again and again as our pm smiley
is a karma yogi..opposition,adverse circumstances et al,are a goldmine of opportunities
certainly...another blockbuster visit...targeting napak...and giving a message to world over terrorism
omar feel free to have picnic party with your family at any hindu temple, who has stopped you? modi visited mosque
pm narendra modi leaves for new delhi.
speaking dubai cricket stadium said was quick to provide water to the . hope this swiftness is shown in
so after more than a year presstitute s have understood that modi should be addressed as pm modi.
i nvr believed in hypnotism...then thr was namo amp his audience
i nvr believed envy is green...then i heard con spokies
laughing
pakistan still trying to figure out how hard prime minister narendra modi slapped them in emirates! modi in dubai
replug find out how is offering a 1 trillion investment opportunity in india
if modi come to power the dollar rate will come low to 40 rs, now it s 65 rupees, he is been in power nearly 1 and half years, wats
don t give ideas to troll.in smiley
okay! we will call modi....... dabaang pm real dabaang! modi in dubai
are you with terrorism or against it? pm modi asks in dubai via
speak in parliament feku not where ppl cant ask questions
what a speech given by na mo in uae
best outcome of pm modi uae visit arnab found no cause to yell amp scream,get outraged,go ballistic. india will sleep more
happy journey and welcome back
modi amp s poser to world are you with terrorism or against it? via .orangenews9.com
facts and modi bhakts are not exactly best friends
unbelievable uae too got modi fied.
hope the cynics now accept it
she is a modi fan. everything modi says is a gospel truth for her but she often bites arun jaitley.
it was decided in 2013 that the temple will be built in abu dhabi so how modiji has arranged it with uae govt?
yes with handcuffs! along with his kind friends in india too!
again amp again modi ji is prooving strong amp attractive indian pm
a muslim man s love for modi...i hope all congressii are watching modi in dubai
modi may be criminally charged for instigating to commit suicide
great show with pm modi in dubai
law of attraction is such grt dat it exists even in d speeches.if nt ppl take it boring. fuck us
sayng it is nt abt religion bt legion
after modi ji s reception in dubai stadium
you can luv me or you can hate me but you cannot ignore me ..... modi to rest of world !!!!
isi ka chara yours dost ne khaya hai.modi ne nahi.this type of thinking made ur bihar sick in all respec
4 major achievements of in last 1 year
modi in dubai tremendous hospitality n reception hosted by the uae govt. in welcoming pm modi is amazing n heartwarming. i salute uae govt.
do you remember modi rally in delhi during delhi elections? empty....it was all stage managed...
modi is very good pm
all the presstitutes will be busy playing orop n the police actions against the agitated veterans, even as modi rocks in dubai
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae government for de...
awesome modi sir modi in uae
pm modi at uae address highlighted bangladesh and its leadership for solving unsolved border issue since 1947. a role model for others.
charisma of namo getting bigger amp bigger. na mo fever in dubai modi in dubai marhaba namo
don t let hatred for modi overcome you to an extent that it transforms into hatred for india
fearless speech. big steps instead of baby steps. salute mr modi for his candor and clarity. modi in uae
only place that speaks of the same
madisson moment for pm narendra modi in dubai chant marhaba modi r
even ji will fail because pappu so duffer . why waste time?
sultan sir thank for trust bestowed on125 indian nd its prome minister sri modi .
namo doing shah rukh khan type marketing
modi has given a lot of work to diplomacy etongueerts worldwide by knocking pak from the land of beloved sheikhs
modi rocks in dubai marhaba namo
modi is great...
these 3 went 2 mosque wearing skull cap 2 fool d ppl modi went 2 pray
modi ji was too good in dubai impressed to watch his speech with modi in dubai
great .
did modi s visit really lead to allocation of temple land in abu dhabi?
the moment when modi was taking selfies with the royal family was pretty cool though modi in uae modi in dubai
mam i m always supporter for aap even u left dis party ..but apna kaam pe concentrate karo n .kyn faltu modi ke piche pade ho
modi s innings in dubai cricket stadium is better than sachin s in sharjah
did the nautanki in dubai. tomorrow he ll land in delhi w a sulking face and become chupendra modi. then will talk to himself mann ki baat
great hospitality in uae. pm modi s great success, go on sir!
the big takeaway of modi in dubai is that you now, know for sure, modi govt is going to take on pakistan. very clever move
my dubai mohammed receives indian pm modi his highness sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, vice presiden...
in uae, modi called celebrity chef sanjeev kapoor to cook for him amp celebrity barber javed habib to trim his hair. modi in dubai
etongueected modi to bargain minm wage for skilled indian labourer in uae, our lanourer building middle east till today. why our govt ignorant?
visit india, to crack down on ,
now modi thinks islam is peace ! sweet !
nehru fake gandhi scamgress congress wants 2 save the 1st family, amp namo led govt wants 2 save the nation.
somebody is an ace bullshiter ? lots of other holes in modi s speech as usual
dtn india pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae gov...
our to be pm in 3019 spends more holidays in countries modi never visited. , spain, venezuela, italy, e
daffer if yhe credential of adani is good not require modi to press sbi
after watching narendra modi s live speech, i came to a conclusion there s a striking resemblance between namo and modi.
jiwa mines pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae gov...
a lion has no boundaries, do he is lion pm modi in dubai
look at bhakt..somebody needs to tells her that constant blabbering doesn t make a moron into statesman
kids today admire modi coz he s a good orator. and there s nothing wrong with that. it just goes to show how desperate the modern day 1 4
pompous amp obnoxious modi who is a godse bhakt is talking against terrorism. what a joke he is, running away from india.
kudos modi in dubai, a masterstroke played by . nobody ever thought about uae in past 30 years and modi played it at best.
it was as simple modi declared we did this going to do this
what s there for to debate with congress spokies? modi in dubai
won t be surprised if namo does a chaiya chaiya dance
subtle, modiji. so subtle.
yes reports coming that after modi s powerful speech pak is so scared that now they are leaving from pok
when did any past pms have such an appeal? pm modi has changed certain equations forever, that s for certain.
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae ...
modi ji should have given a bhaashan in delhi ncr, not plenty of biharis working in uae amp dubai who ll influence voters back home.
is too small to absorb indian political clout amp will loose its existance through east india company
madam, modi is much more and beyond the celebrity or bollywood. and he is definitely the rockstar!
hats off to mr modi. i adore this great soul. who made us proud in the gulf. god give him good health
good taliban, bad taliban this won t work. decide are you with terrorism or with humanity? pm modi modi in dubai
of all pm, modi has got the most charismatic personality modiin uae
was agreed by govt of india before modi became pm of india but it has not been given by modi govt even after 16 months.
look a terrorist talking about terrorism...how stupid u r even google declared u a most stupid person ever on earth...
modi gives speeches in australia, us, dubai, everywhere but parliament! he will surely give msg a run for his money! tongue
whatever modi did in last 15 months is stealing upa policies, schemes.healthy economy that inherited gradually sickening.
pakistan in danger of being isolated.pak sponsored terror clearly the target of india uae joint statement.only modi has managed
abey chutiya , jerks like you should be thrown out of india. stop making baseless allegations against modi ji. .
heh, yup. the pt modi drove home so well, raga will holiday in dubai next ! . bigger change is geo political shift just occurred.
challange from sonia to modi
a job well done pm... cheers...
maza as gaya i mean more such tweets speak of success of the best orator namo in most forign lands
very great news now burj khalifa also welcome and honour pm modi ji modi in dubai
not even half an hour after the speech. sirji kabhi toh rest lo!!
dubai stadium, puts more pressure on london modi programme, to have it even better than dubai
s amp commies in drinking and weeping after modi s visit to mosque in the uae.
its a refrence not the essence.when crowd is huge amp rocking to his spech,then modi has to be a star whether u li
will nsa level talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi
he is not capable to do anything from india so choosen only barking from uae.
fist post will nsa level talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi india
think mod to be blamed babudom impediment not modi sarkar.a very miniscule amount compared to gdp shd be released
and i thought that u needed all thia after listening to modi speech
scam hit bjp sweeps madhya pradesh urban body polls bjp secured 16 0 m
after america modi s rocks it in dubai too.
feels proud.
kejri amp his kumar vishwas sat on saudi stage loling on modi s wife joke, modi has shown guts by talking terror in same pla
modi has delegated power to ministers amp are accountable performance monitored. upa didn t function due to dual power without accountability
doesn t know how to run the goi
doesn t know how to lie without being caught
timepass modi in dubai
i feel for those who criticise modi s foreign tours failing 2 understand his level of dedication 2 improve lives of indians 1 2
suchhuge crowd in dcs,can t say modi is
giving speech or sachin bating dubai cs has so far hosted
17 odis,and now 1 modi !!!
modi in dubai pm narender modi one of the most viewed ceos in india skepticalinkedin.
modi to open world hindi conference on september 10 toi mobile the times of india mobile site
others have bae while modi has uae. lol
pm narendra modi addresses around 50,000
people at indian community reception held
at the dubai cricket stadium, wat a great personality.
in a significant gesture, five brothers of the crown prince were present at the abu dhabi airport to receive modi...
when modi was roaring in dubai, somone was peeing their pant modi in dubai
modi thinks babri demolition was a cosmic conspiracy against hindus. this must be against the rss tongue
india should prove its words and stop killing people in kashmir
wow are you narendra modi s son?
goodbye our respected n beloved pm modi n ur team. hv a safe journey. you have made us feel proud n happiest.
reaction of ashutosh after watching modi ji inside a mosque. modi in uae
acute pain in ass syndrome detected. kejriwalisation along with daily dose of soniafication suggested modi in dubai
sigh so soon?
this is real big blow to modi
ignorant prople have never seen a time machine before. blame modi for everything.
surely a change was needed and no one else could have done better than modi ji.!needed a rhetoric orator like him. modi in dubai modi in uae
i love narendra modi i love india people i hate pakistan people jai hindustan jai india jai narendra modi
thx. modi in dubai
pm modi at its best in dubai. india is feeling proud to have pm like this. modi rocks
modi in dubai muslims in foreign lands dont fear modi but seculars in india do !!
on one side, iran on the other and israel, one of our best friends. exciting times ahead for modi s and our india s foreign policy!
he tagged himself saying pm narendra modi leaves
ma am this 1st time syndrome will lead us know where..just educate bhakts to read the ives dat happened b4 modi
looking for the best review of modi s speech in dubai.
how is pakistan media taking namo visit to uae?
why does pm modi pretend that govt of india commenced with him amp not in 1947? why lie for nothing?
modi gets down to issues of overseas indians flags madad grievance project, indian commun
narendra modi should you take tylenol, advil, or aspirin for pain? here s what the evidence says. as the rese...
narendra modi no more pain during periods eat carrots for any woman, that time of the month seems really ...
modi once again proving gujaratis are born mba. goes to a foreign country, gets money from them, bitches about their friend and comes back.
this is source based news. swami wrote letter to modi few days back that ed cheif is helping sonia.
uae has no importance on world stage politics .counties who have role denied india member ship already... modi is diversion
you can hear namo forever and beyond and never get tired. not even for a second.
power of modi!
lol, wish you and modi the same !!
after watching namo speech i think all parties change their slogan hum pareshan karte rahe, wo desh mai nivesh karte rahe. modi in dubai
suresh ji all charged up after the modi speech.
re
agar modi sahab uae nahi jate to brothers winning hearts trend india me no 1 hota but we can do it.
just coz ur master has said...b4 modi became pm how much loan sbi gave?
i m not a modi fan but really appreciate your tweets today. thank you from india.
it is for country india and not due to only modi
modi once again proving gujaratis are born mba. goes to a foreign country, gets money from them, bitches about their friend an
. modi is busy in taking selfies and we are busy in giving final touches to kala parinda
3cheers to modi 4putting bluntly the obvious un failed to contain terror amp us concept of good bad terror a joke. politics apart,it connects.
congis after modi s speech modi in dubai ...
well why would muslim, xtian diaspora wanna attend modi speech. they are 75 there iirc
modi rocks i
modi visited the grand mosque yesterday. i stay in dubai and i didn t.
sir it takes lot of self confidence to address such huge crowd hats off to namo
you cannot hear modi and not get inspired.. this is the leader that young india needs..
this used to be called secular nationalism. at least before modi discovered it. h t
4.5 lac crore investment is coming from crown prince of uae..i am sure now modi government will easily implement...
crown prince promised investment of rs 4.5 lakh crore in india pm modi via modiin dubai modiin uae
superb column by
i am very happy to see that our pm narendra modi wants to do lot of to us.
and modi is sure proud of his selfies cause u designed the chip.. haha
narendra modi woos u.a.e. investors with 1 trillion investment opportunity modi in dubai
indian etongueats in uae gear up for modi s visit via
pakistani pissed off during modi speech. iam sure they will not sleep tonight modi in dubai
a impressive speech by narendra modi ji in dubai .you just cant miss it..
india is rocking as modi leaves dubai
india, uae united in fight against terrorism, says pm modi indubai
modi speech you heard?
firstpost firstpost pm modi, sonia gandhi condemn bangkok bomb blast
modi in dubai trust between uae and india will last for generations
what is the hole? is there a temple in abu dhabi? has the govt. not decided to allot land after modi s visit?
modi should be talking about terrorism while enjoying company of arab shiekhs. they have done enough to terrorise entire middle east
what about the tone of mr.modi he is no 1 drama baaj, only knows to speak dialogue in filmy style.
there you go!
little knlg is very dangerous thing bro grow your knowledge delhi is capital of india ..arvind ek k s state ka cm h
pm to visit singapore in november india tv
so.. here s d next modi strategy counter pakistan s terrorism by garnering support on international level.. amp believe u m
sir u swing bothe ways some time mody is feku and some time modi is powerfull man whole india knows whos give promiss never prov
seems just had a chest beating cry on seeing so many admirers... modi in dubai
thx.
ever since madison square, modi govt has spent billions on these events abroad. what did india get in return? no change in unsc. fdi tanked.
every time modi speaks it looks like an election speech
namo..
spell bounding speech by narendra modi ji at dubai international cricket stadium! ache din aa gaye
very great news now burj khalifa also welcome and honour pm modi ji in dubai modi in dubai
thanks a lot modi ji..!!!
has uae declared itself the indian province and now onward modi will decide the fate of dubai resident.
more than 700 flights come to dubai every week..but it took 34 year to an indian pm to come here. pm modi s speech in
modi in dubai everyone who criticised namo should see what he has done for india even outside the country why couldn t any body else do it
abdul kalam is peoples president ...narendra modi is the peoples pm..
ur a world leader
to be specific prime minister of world
goodbye our respected pm modi! thank you for your visit.
those who support humanity r our frnds
w8 wt abt israel?
..un s not properly dfined terrorism yet
watched john oliver rip off evangelists and nw reading bhakts orgasming over modi speech on twitter. seems like a 2 part mvi to me nw.
only bjp amp pm modi can do great work for india
i havent seen congress pm has shown imdia worldwide
so is dawood being welcomed by modi ji.
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple the times of india on mobile.
mr modi is roaming the world. retried army officers is protest of their rights. bjp govt doesn t have time to think, shame .
morons in media didn t get time 2 discuss namo s speech. otherwise they would ve started crying in angers seeing the response. modi in dubai
modi has a lion image wherever he goes he has a dominating personality h
top stories google pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple times of
now they can spin more amp say modi forced abu dhabi govt to allot land 4 temple to insult muslims!
let him so something about soldiers dying on border. only talk... result zero.
did you asked modi for rebuilding of babri mosque? i hope you will
sleeping like a baby already
narendra modi is a great man....who will definetly make india a lovely place
plz start a campaign for modi dessert.
modi s win was a rejection not only of the dynasty but of the colonial brits, who tried to teach hindus to be ashamed of
the curious case of modi baiters landing up in controversies open secret. via
today, tell me who is not influenced modi in dubai
on issues like terrorism, ceasefire violations, vyapam, chikkiscam, ricescam amp orop, modi has maintained silence. yo modi so
in fact, he goaded his captive window interlocutor maroof to wow wow modi s uae visit
and maroof sab still v had a good relation with them. strange bt true. modi is on world tour only and sad dat ppl lyk u spprt dis
pm narendra modi reaches out to indian diaspora in dubai announces madad ...
your wish fulfilled
ever since madison square, modi govt has spent billions on these events abroad. what did india get in return? no change i
nobody treats modi god here..we treat him as 1 who teaches everyday how to value being just a.... human
by listening s
modi gets 4.5l cr investment from uae.
aaptards busy calculating how many people can get 15l from this
modi visit , uae to crack down on terrorism, radicalisation zipped news
modi effect or sachin
did the nautanki in dubai. tomorrow he ll land in delhi w a sulking face and become chupendra modi. then will talk to hims
samjhdar ho na.. fir always bjp aur modi ka buray karne se apka hi .. izzat town hoga
mature
congress leaders looted india and stashed their money abroad,modi through his foreign visits bringing those money back via fdi. modi in dubai
. well..haven t you seen her proving modi is incorruptible? that should etonguelain everything about this creature
he is a insurance agent as well as and indian agent for all indians.. modi is also increasing sales of burnol
marhaba namo 50,000 indians etongueected to attend first of its kind reception for modi in dubai
you made us collectively proud of our identity. thankyou sir.
but indians aren t so cruel to list t
equation of indian politics modi mulaum mamata tal meel, desh ke liye godmeel.
if modi thinks he can win over keralites with stupid speeches he s more stupid than i thought. we have v high literacy rates. we re not dumb
in uae, modi called celebrity chef sanjeev kapoor to cook for him amp celebrity barber javed habib to trim his hair. modi in du
yes. his confidence level is unmatched.but y he is sparing pak militarily, is incomprehensible.
have you read book modi effect??
with this pace can wipe out congress for ever.
logic applies for all party supporters. supporter is a broad word, though. i may not support everything modi does but most of it.
true! a valid reason behind for all visit. salute modi ji.
modi is a true charismatic leader. the kind of leader india needs, who can attack pakistan single handedly. indian superhero.
u doing a series with modi in uae pics, right? like the obama in india?
who was atal bihari vajpayee again? there is always one pm and he is modi modi modi? rest all is history
googly in
modi is like apple maps, designed by the best but still doesn t work!
modi in dubai best free dubai hd wallpapers app i phone7
stop no listening to cong seculars amp
pm s historic abudhabi visitsurprisen land gifted,pm modi our secular govt should make architectural marveltemple,gurudwara,church amp mosque
agree... congress in 60 yrs couldn t achieve it. but now that modi is our pm, it shouldn t take much time.
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modi s speech prime minister narendra modi today addre...
. we indian are proud of having such a gr8 pm. modi rocks in dubai
modi in dubai ka imandar coverage sirf national news ne kiya. break free, thorough. without comments
after modi s visit may be some change comes in statistics
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modi s speech.
brilliant vs pappu so duffer indians understand the fate of ,there friends amp tmc
modi in dubai everyone who criticised namo should see what he has done for india even outside the country why couldn t any
congress divided india to win votes on religion and communal lines.namo is getting the globe together!
bjp states meat ban.mod govt is happily etongueorting meat instead of ban.india no1 etongueorter of meat under modi govt.
after indian approval now world acknowledged the electrifying effect narendar modi ji undoubtedly is the no1 leader of world
daud is waiting for u owaisi plz save daud and stand to oppose modi gov. in encircling daud you are on earth to save every terrorist
modi working fr 24 7 fr betterment of indian people .he sacrifice his personal life fr nation .u are true son of bharat mata
memorandum to respected shri narendra modi ji prime minister india to do. free t24
today, tell me who is not influenced by narendra modi
wtf....modi bring in 75billion us dollars
today pic modi in dubai modi in dubai
arnab will start that after he gets his salary from
best thing about modi foreign tour, trolls gets new meme every time modi in dubai marhaba modi marhaba namo
pm narendra modi is delhi bound after a path breaking visit to the uae modi in uae modi in dubai
now for a minute, imagine manmohan singh on the dias instead. his entire body would have moved less than modi s eyebrows modi in dubai
shut up kid...listen to modi s speech in uae ..smiley
we have heard rahul will go to reply modi in all country .
but still gone no where
let go to pakistan !
prime minister narendra modi unleashes best performance by an indian in dubai cricketstadium
pm modi visiting abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims
modi want every bro 2 secure his sis by paying 2 pm g1 suraksha yojna on rakhi whil d othr demand chanda modi in uae
pm we don t look colour of passport we look colour of blood, pa sir yeh kya bol rahe ho modi isse doctors ka vikash hoga modi in dubai
pm modi visiting abu dhabis grand mosque is no conciliatory gesture to indian muslims to try and spin nare...
uae has supported india s candidature for permanent membership at un security council pm modi proud of you modi in uae
are burnol and morepen sponsoring modi s events?
i belive modi can sell dead bullock to a farmer, a real gujarati vaniya.
. when she heard that modi will visit a mosque in abu dhabi
if are listening to modi live! you belong to era of best leader india will ever see!
congress will be fuming at modi in dubai for mentioning rajiv gandhi s name in his speech h
time start now massage giving pakistan people indian people ready fight jai hindustan jai india jai narendra modi open change
to brief up this speech, bole to, to summarize.. we can say ....... modi ne pel diyaa laughing laughing modi in dubai
a very historical and successfull journey by our pm
4.5 lac crore investment is comin frm uae.now modi gov shld easily implement orop for which initialy 8k crore is req modi in dubai modi magic
there are so many flights... would be the grammatically correct way of saying that.
how much will they tk it back amp in how much time? any idea? any 1 knows ? or many waiting 4 their share? just asking s
going by twitter,if mr.bachchan s followers are many more than mr.modi is he the real face of india more than mr.modi?
dear yr leaders never tried to boost the self respect of indians like is doing
without having balls to name pakistan? wow! modi in dubai
when says lekin kuch logo ko thodi takleef hoti hai .. gets confusd if he s talking about pakistan or congress modi in dubai
one of the great steps taken by our prime minister mr. modi...!!!
i hope all that he has said if accomplished ...!!!
good luck sir...!!!
too much modi swag
we did not get scared of the mightiest power of british empire, do you think we would be scared of modi?
newly married men??
so glad i could attend this event smiley
namoin dubai namoin uae my dubai proud indian smiley
path of terror will never benefit anyone modi via
t52 15 going by large swathes of indian diaspora at modi events, he has a better chance of getting elected from overseas in next polls.
sanjeev kapoor invited by the host, abu dhabi investment authority, to cook veg indian food. know your facts
pakistani piss in pants after modi speech. iam sure they will not sleep tonight modi in dubai
namo spoke at dubai cricket stadium enuf said laughing laughing modi in dubai proudofmy pm
omg !
andheri raat mein diya tere haath mein.
what is doing in darkness ?
no names, but na mo dubai speech takes on
inocent peopale people lost there life in gujrat also bcz off modi.. dont forget that to show in ur headline
in dubai too it is event management and pr of modi,when will these psuedoseculars and presstitutes accept, people lookup to him modi in dubai
and when people say why did modi visit the mosque like a tourist?
let s just not go there.
wht is it ? uae being the 7th muslim destination visited by pm modi doesn t suit ur anti minority narrativ
atleast criticize namo on his policies, past grudges shouldnt come in the way to make an opinion
don t be so obsessed wid modi n hate others.
mental says that our pm modi looses mental balance when he goes out at aicc press conference rpn singh sick
many pakis who matter must watched namo s speech. hard to imagine where all it has hit them hard
so ive givn u population stats of 6 muslim countries tht pm modi visited. care to etonguelain y u r peddling li
modi hasn t given this copyright to anyone.
it seems you will become irrelevant for any news channel you go if modi starts supportin
cait wants pm narendra modi to hold special session for gst bill by via the economic times
land for temple was already donated in 2013. why modi tried to fool the people again.!! modi in uae
mr modi is the best prime minister of india ever,he is the man of commitment,knowledge,moral,responsibility
pass to see modi
rt trilokhnath path of terror will never benefit anyone modi
after listening of mr modi s speech in dubai feeling proud.
i hope every indian in the world is proud after modi s speech in dubai proud to be an indian
tonight, salman bhai will etonguelain narendra modi s speech. bhai roxx
modi is our hero and dubai is our friend...well done modi g
so modi belongs to bjp only........smiley
today, tell me who is not influenced by pmo india
modi sir please help me please please please request our prime minister shab
mam. criticism of politicians is must. i support u. btw, aapke miya sahab ki auqat hai modi jaisa bolne ki? wt do u think?
rock star follow modi ji..
one by one, na mo is converting nations with records of harbouring terrorists against india into an ally.
b desh,nepal,uae..
modi is worst creature i have seen in quite some time, sounds like nazi s and bush.
i don t kno y i follow u though i hate jokes abt modi. i jst want givin him 5 full years bfore judging him
ur good night colleague feels modi is hero n he is zero wat an acceptance by him rahul, n u sealed it wid dis tweet
pm narendra modi to leave for delhi, shortly. modi in uae via ani news
reason for modi s tour
pm narendra modi leaves for new delhi. modi in uae via ani news
the charisma of the man
this guy is poison even in death
no disagreement theresmiley
many can gather people in their local region , but modi can gather 50000 ppl on the foreign land , its not something easy task modi in dubai
dtn india pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin pm modi, with over one million f...
if u can do read s tweets. u will appreciate modi efforts more. he says its a techtonic shift 1 achivd by deft for. policy.
aftr retird never thought would ever listen to chants like sachin sachin but today modi modi at uae was similar modi in dubai
why let facts come in the way of a good propaganda?
i do know a excellent motor mouth a...hole when modi speaks. dubai has no entertainment hence full stadium.
was this service ji said he will start confused can anyone solve dis riddle
sheik telling modi, next time use india s national airline emirates
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin via
temlple in saudi arabia history made modi theeee
what modi did to sickulars libertards in his speech and in his uae visit modi in uae
modi sees a mini india in uae
i want to see complete india in pak
timepa
day ended on a bad note
arkham asylum didn t get installed
news hour was shortened due to modi s speech
mam arnab is no benchmark of success. he is a symbol of paid media. crook ideas, noise hour time, media judgements.
. 25 hindu indians amp 75 other indians. muslims amp christians are also indian. india is not equal to modi hinduism
nostradamus prediction about india ruling the world once again under a powerful. leader, perhaps prophesied about namo.
cool. when it comes to modi, all is well wink
what a shit channel abp news is..always criticise modi..especially that om thanvi..no common sense.
now world will realise why india believes in namo.jhanda gaad diya uae mein
best pm .. of my country !
fan
now that modi s speech is over the presstitutes can rest in peace..
50,000 indians give standing ovation to uae for temple land prime minister narendra modi today got a cheering...
prime minister modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism prime minister narendra modi today took a v...
as modi will ve nothing to show from modi in uae bhakts amp media to run temple story. read here
pm narendra modi waves at the crowd at sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi modi in uae
you just shut up sub tmra e kia howa ha modi
media should not create hype on modi visiting pakistan next year on next saarc summit in islamabad, it is not a goodwill
why delhi is going to be the first smart city in india
is modi actively courting nris to create an unstoppable wave of funding and support by 2019? apart from foreign policy, he ain t doing great
east or west, modi ji is the best !!
great man great visit . namo best pm
narendra modi in uae pm modi wishes keralites on occasion of chingam ... via
thus guy will be soon exiled from his journalist brotherhood, thanks to his pro modi stance. modi in dubai
overwehleming welcome to shri narendra modi
kudos to modi power
modi in dubai tricolor on the tallest building the burj khalifa has some body else earned this respect ever for country namo did it salutes
but he is not the ceo of android.
all modi needs is a guitar and he can start a rock show, with the stage dive and all. modi in dubai
yeah repelled. hopefully you won t blame modi for 1962 loss.
like here i asked what modi slyed to pak. dig words like sly, pak. pick up the most irrelevant tweet. ok? ab bolo jai shree ram.
modi doesn t have the guts to meet
dear modi sir please stop making foolish dicision like banning porn.their are many other serious problems to focus on
would it violate journalistic ethics to correct the grammar before qouting pm modi s english language statements?
seems, i
the more you burn with your hatred towards modi , the more he shines worldwide. modi in dubai
globe trotter feku series of mass suicides by bhakts reported after modi s visit to grand mosque
now i am feeling, india will get electricity in every corner 24 7 in next 5 years. modi in dubai kyu ke modi ka vada hai smiley
handshake leaves workers speechless modi in uae
now we know y modi doesn t like parl, but love stages to speak. bcz none will question his lies in public speeches
2 yrs ago namo gave a brilliant speech within an hour of mms speech. today pulls a similar one on namo.
last 1 yr of strengthening in foreign relations amp the rising status of our country, in itself the biggest achievement of namo
pm modi in uae a breakthrough visit?
gud night sir....see you in delhi next morning..home sweet home...shubh ratri and have a safe journy..
hahaha...awesome....
modi b like respect my authoritaa
true, modi in dubai
shortest and memorable visit modi best
bhai modi 1 strong rss pracharak then pm one gets confused is he real or fake reminds of famous dr jeckyl and mr hyde
narendra modi to inaugurate rs 6200 crore road projects in bihar tomorrow via
modi visits a mosque. gets land for temple. all manmohan got were italian instructions.
narendra modi thinks . not know if he also thinks arts is death.
modiin uae finally a voice for d indian diaspora!its high time terror n terrorists be dealt wid widout beating around d bush!way to go namo!
lol android m is not modi, what s the use of having an indian ceo at google.
artist s dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero modi abu dhabi
nonsense. he became happy with a piece of land for mandir. it reaffirms modi s narrow mind. instead should ask minm wage for indian labourer
pm narendra modi reaches out to indian diaspora in dubai announces madad ... economic times
one of hundreds of words of wisdom spoken by hameed gul one was modi is a gift for pakistan this was an american slang spoken by marhoom
ndtv prime minister modi takes veiled swipe at pakistan over terrorism
yeah...why did nm waste money on such fp exercises? should ve simply pocketed it like how con gress gov did!
sir why you always against modi ji come on groups
sheikh mohammed receives modi rocks in dubai
pm modi lauds uae for supporting india s unsc permanent membership read more
ouch.. out of ideas to rant so writing any nonsense stuff... pity.
best outcome of pm modi uae visit uae will sleep more peacefully tonight.
temple on abu dhabi land for indians another example of being a great leader. modi in dubai model modi
a very nice gesture on part of pm modi to ask crowd to give standing ovation to crown prince for allotting land for temple namo in dubai
in dubai speech, pm tags pak without naming it in comments on terror
prime minister narendra modi didn t mention pakistan, but he d..
shameless !!
selfish .!!
stomach burning aa ptards !
delegation from manipur to meet pm modi on territorial issues
india today pm narendramodi issues warning to pakistan from dubai
since modi is talking about all yojanas...he should announce a new yojna rahul gandhi dimag lagao yojna...only for con
times now pm narendra modi is delhi bound after a path breaking visit to the uae modi in uae modi in dubai
no doubt. namo is lion. will always keep india ahead
uae to invest 75b in india. magic modi!
this would not have happened without tactical understanding with top leadership of uae.
soldiers shd get a lead...why they r not getting orop...money matters ..namo namo
only bolbacchan...hw far can it take some one ..
and it was modi s disney world moment. nothing more.
lol mainbhiengineer android m is not modi, what s the use of having an indian ceo at google.
thanks modi sir proud of you india
after d irritating news f radhe maa d news channels gt inspiring news to show d world widout any plotting n xtra masala. th
thanks his highness for your support, the courtesy extended to our pm. mr. modi, we are humbly touched, god speed his blessings.
so modi presented a report of all his foreign visits on a foreign land.
m may not be for modi
but n can still be narendra
modi in dubai where does modi bring all that energy from.
reason for modi s tour of uae. etongueerts wont tell you this
pm narendra modi on india uae joint statement denouncing state sponsored terrorism
six questions for narendra modi. does believe in despite opposing it?
thousands of indians in dubai roar approval through pm modi s speech ndtv
started back to delhi after a path breaking visit to uae !
burnol chahiye ghatiya aurat..
this is cheap publicity stunt defame modi adopted by pimps like you and other aaptards..
from the temple in abu dhabi to the significant statement on terrorism, a range of issues were covered. marhaba namo
amazing and spirit full, hail namo cheers
first time listen to live. difference b w other leaders amp him is just of tense.. where other uses i will amp modi uses i did
modi should be talking about terrorism while enjoying company of arab shiekhs. they have done enough to terrorise entire
an idiot at work ... goossshhhh
modi to replace tom cruise in mi6.cities left to be portrayed in rogue nation will be covered up in next sequel modi in dubai modi in uae
very funny indeed!!! ...
wish u keep the success forever to bharat.maburuk modi ji ....congrats to courageous speech
during modi s speech
land alloted in 2013 when mms took efforts not modi only pr event by modi amp media
after listening to modi speech bhakts will be getting orgasms ,will aaptards will be getting constipation.
please tell this ignorant man on the ground
live modi to address indian community at dubai cricket stadium prime minister narendra mo...
if modi was born in 17th century, he wud have turned de crowd even against antony who turned it against brutus!! modi in dubai
modi in dubai live dubai cricket stadium nearly full 4.10pm gates are open now and peo...
even arnab is forced to pinch a cock with his throat... voiceless appreciation? path breaking ?? lol..
crowds flock to dubai cricket stadium to welcome modi dubai tens of thousands of indian...
its amazing that until mentioned, nobody noticed the fact that has avoided so far !! !!!
don t worry mk, mihir is just mad he broke his tv after seeing adoration for modi in uae
modi in uae bhakts are so delighted modi has gone to uae. surely they will be overjoyed when he goes to saudi arabia for haj
are you insane comparing modi with hitler
pls retweet those tweets asking you for your opinion on modi s visit to uae and let ppl understand dat u speak when asked so
yeah is desperate but they are on track and sincere with their country not like our leaders those have no foreign policy...
only if modi haters know what secularism is....
no need people like modi
such support 4 modi by ind muslims in dubai, realized its only msm n sickular leaders who turn hindu muslims against each other
behno
he is the best leader ..our country ever had before ..
i m not saying modi has done anything wrong. i m just saying that the bjp hasn t done anything better than what congress did in 10 years.
this visit modi ji with his visits n speech trolled congis adarsh liberals and media tards big time... poor guys left with no words ... smiley
u are performer modi ji
momma, i can see modi s flight.. it is cho chmaal...
cong leaders concentrated more in india because they looted india,modi thru his foreign visits,busy in bringing money for india modi in dubai
after nestle, ftil hire
modi in dubai magnificent, game changing speech modi s astute masterly grasp of international relations is evident he ws best,
super sixers amp boundaries by modi ji in uae
absolutely no
modi in dubai modi magic obviously
pm addresses etongueats.
read details
hasnt answered why she kept her own dept in the dark or why she emailed the brit govt after modi s visa a
it was decided in 2013 that the temple will be built in abu dhabi so how modi ji has arranged it with uae govt? jumla sarkar
where is a press in hole india no buddy showing a great deal with dubai shekh amp modi gov why not make talk n dibeting barnols
he is just a shameless liar
5 indians dead 16 injured in firing from across the border near jammu. independence day gift from nawaz sharif to modi
modi used his right hand more than his left hand in that speech, this will make the left handers feel insecure under his rule. modi in dubai
face2 of modi on islam here
any religon evr teaches terrorsm? surelyno
bt modi says islam terrorism!
pm modi started from dubai via delhi for bihar for an election really
he has changed many equations..while many desi patrakaars r locked up in their hatred . pity
please include army veterans too.
artists dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero
hahahahahahah this is awesome laughing
a new relationship between india and u.a.e ..... i would like modi
if only modi was to find 2 people of that caliber for hrd and finance, he can still redeem the mess.
pm modi urges uae to invest in india prime minister narendra modi urges businessmen in the united arab emirat...
veterans are tired of yr rhetoric , pls walk the talk. .
this is the love for narendra modi amp the prime minister of india.
modi s chhutti kar doonga moment will get rid of terrorism like this modi in dubai
modi s message to every nri who gave bjp money for ram mandir at ayodhya for better roi donate to uae government next
you like him or hate him, he sure captivates audiences everywhere across the globe..
na mo na mo rocks in dubai
i went from qatar to dubai specifically to listen modi... leving work and one day salary morethanur 10days
tomorrow modi will do the political encounter of mr chandra kumar amp bhung parsad at bihar..jai hooooo modi ji modi in dubai
ppl in sheikh zayad masjid chant modi modi is very disturbing 4 seculars!
awesome! next modi chants wud b in vatican
nwt crocs modi flip flip flop women s size 6 light grey volt green
most successful abroad visit in most unlikely country..uae will have a temple and will invest 4.5 lakh crs..namo to sucess
the govt. of uae given permission modi to build temple?nawzubillah.didn t forget yet the occurence of guzrat amp babri masjid
soon we ll see agitating drones getting tickets for elections.if it is promised why hog for attention?
after watching modi live a small thoght of raga crept in amp felt a strong vomit.
krk on twitter it was decided in 2013 that the temple will be built in abu dhabi so how modi ji ha
it has lasted for generations n will, without endorsements.
modi in dubai i am very much confident let d time come modi amp doval combo will teach pakistan lesson of dere life .
electrifying an understatement to describe atmosphere at dubai cricket ground. a big thank you!tonguem modi modi in dubai htt
pakistan is so scared of modi s tough talks.
prime minister narendra modi on a two day visit to the uae..
i want to talk with narendra modi sir in urgent bases i am in trouble please help me i want justices
sorry bhakts but android m doesn t stand for android modi but android marshmallow modi in dubai
its another aspect and i can be more than harsh for it on modi
i hope so but still modi sir didnt noticed me
no its not. it is done to welcome modi in uae
1000 people from guj were sent a week before. job was to chant when modi arrives there. rest was on the house for them fol
again the same kind of reception is what mr. modi received in dubai. no one knows truth.
what s the reason behind the 2 daytrip to dubai by modi. read it here
it s truly modi magic..
liberals after modi ji s speech in dubai.
you can sefli welcome com to india p.m sir narend modi
hahaha, i think they doing it just to jealous us, it shouldnt matter i think. if they were wise enough,never had invited modi.
such support 4 modi by ind muslims in dubai, realized its only msm n sickular leaders who turn hindu muslims against each ot
modi jee plz don t force me to post any comments against you so now trip is over now focus on your homework that you have in pending
ppl criticising modi 4 not visiting a muslim country, well he s d 1st pm 2 visit uae in 34 yrs, y didn t manmohan singh
so, india has developed a lot over the last 50 years. modi in uae at last feku accepts it
leave treaties and mous aside..if modi has not received sagarika ghose s amp old monk s praise them his uae tour is a failure
every where people are prasing modi but way back in india pappu and his family are busy finding faults .upa it s all over modi in dubai
east or west modi is best
modi visits uae...
dawood having nightmares about modi seizing his accounts.
waiting for modi to visit switzerland ..
what a lovely bit of schizophrenic amnesia. those who hounded modi... oh forget it
highlights from pm modis speech in dubai
narendra modi stays popular despite recent hiccups poll
provided venue dubai stadium misused against pakistan by pm , unheard in diplomatic norms.
this visit modi ji just with his mosque visit n speech trolled congis adarsh liberals n media morons big time... smiley modi in dubai
tomorrow repeat telecast
because it s modi s day modi in dubai
please stop comparing arvind gangutelli with raja namo
no matter you like or support which party. modi ji is our pm. give respect to him as a india s pm.
i fully agree. uae has given so much protocol to modi.
i just don t give a fuck about that temple thing in uae. will become a liability for modi. modi in dubai
the kaka s are so excited to be on camera!
what a fenkugiri!!!!!!!!
money can help u buy stadiums. but it can t help u buy enthusiasm. those who couldn t see this r blind modi haters.
absolutely! salute to nationbuilder
there r nextgen rss leaders being groomed fm all religions n social levels
we join the uae government in welcoming indian pm narendra modi on his state visit to our nation.
lol! modi lives in his own fantasy world, bhakts their while bharat is in under stress. no positive in sight
..are you in india.. i heard u left india after modi winning...
namo is the hero of india. we are proud of him
right first of all why modi is there?
talks with
are we gifting insurance policies to our sisters on this rakhi? ask mr. modi modi in dubai proud indian
do watch pm narendra modi on india uae joint statement denouncing state sponsored terrorism
sheik i have a goat and camel both.
new uae india fund aims to attract 75bn infrastructure investments the crown prince and prime minister modi ...
why is received and loved all over the world? he doesnt use the word secular he follows it truthfully! modi in dubai take a bow!
bhakts r thinking modi s speech in dubai will help him win elections again. didn t happen in delhi, won t happen in bihar amp up modi in dubai
shall we move bjp party abroad amp elect people there 2 contest amp work under leadership of for humanity
modi in dubai we all indians r proud of u pm modi, reading twits r giving u right picture of ppls mind.
modi in dubai rock show.
electrifying speech, huge crowdgot goosebumps while hearing modi modi chants. modi magic
what is this?????????
pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple the times of india via
that is an achievement !! arnab will welcome the pm home !!
proves that has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage seclar poltics
indians must be feeling very happy today, because no one from indian political leadership till date interacted with them like pm modi.
modi sir,thank you for your visit. good night
modi addresses thousands of indian etongueats at dubai cricket stadium
modi ji is a leader par excellence
great work by modi ji
prime minister for more than an year now, modi blames congress for his own failures as an excuse. these glib talks won t solve issues.
modi has the people s mandate. nawaz s election win was controversial. hence you ll c less pakistanis in his support.
modi himself is a terrorist,he killed thousands of muslims in gujrat province
tried hard to find a bad pic of but will settle with this one. cheap guys.
modi giving speech in pakistan cricket team s home ground? sweet. modi in dubai
modi ji left now n will reach delhi after midnight n will have another rally in saharsa, bihar tomorrow.
what a energy !!!
proves that has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage seclar poltics modi in dubai
video pm modi addresses the indian c... via
bhakts r thinking modi s speech in dubai will help him win elections again. didn t happen in delhi, won t happen in bih
shame on you .
and what is modi ideology?
here you go
time for decisive battle against terror pm modi modi in dubai modi rocks in dubai
not even indira . this is d difference bw dynastic gandhis amp common man as pm modi
before modi era there is a gap of 10 years when only corruption reigned supreme and a puppet ruled with
power of modi ji !
welcome to twitter. let s see the android modi to android marshmallow tweet for the thousand time.
a temple in uae, a world yoga day, modi s rockstar welcomes across the world means nothing to us. where are the promised benefits?
congress was in power amp done nothing amp you wants modi to gv date! disgusting!
trust you??? get your facts right dear laughing
modi gets down to issues of overseas indians flags madad grievance project, indian community welfare fund the new indian etongueress
p m nawaz should snub modi for accuse our nation specially army in our neibour ing countries
mr. saif ali khan if a terrorist modi can bcome pm of india, why cant a blamed terrorist go to court in pakistan?
slow, steady, and sensible modi s new approach to reviving india s banks via
modi ji doing well naa ,45lac cr , imagine kitni economy growth hogi...
best in favour of india modi in dubai
pm modi insults nation whenever he goes abroad, sayscongress
prime minister for more than an year now, modi blames congress for his own failures as an excuse. these glib talks won
modi in dubai ever seen such a charishma in your life
hai na
how media and bjp is misleading the people?they should correct their gk.now media is modi and modi is media bhakt?
modi s presence eclipses all other events, may it be sport cinema sky or space. he is great
welcome...god of india...modi sir
how much you rate modi for today
why path breaking? next day media, cong will tear him apart
band of folish ,modi sticks enough,end will be sho ly
if this is not serious working then what will be. no rest, straight to home country
hatzz offfff modi ji
no they r not 4 a cricket match,neither they r 4 ny concert
they came 4 1n only our pm
mr. narendra modi...
there are no bhakts as such, all paid it workers of apco.
modi pitches india s frugal house prowess at rocket launch
has modi claimed anywhere that temple land in abu dhabi is a result of his visit? you commies smoke pot.
modi departs from dubai tonight itself, no overnight stay. arab sheikhs love 2 things. dont was to elaborate more on this.
haha ! this pic will haunt modi for long.
amazing 458 libertywalk.
owner
pic by
a show off is better than nothing !!
may i congratulate the person who designed that last montage with all those performers before arrival? it was beautiful namo in dubai
m for marshmallow and not m for modi acche din?
like here i asked what modi slyed to pak. dig words like sly, pak. pick up the most irrelevant tweet. ok? ab bolo
. 25 hindu indians amp 75 other indians. muslims amp christians are also indian. india is not equal to modi hindui
proves that has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage secular politics
b coz many eu and us too believe bjp,their allies amp namo s friends congress r no different to hautis amp isis out fit.u agree !!
really feeling so proud modi is our pm
the modi worldview continues to build a coherent geopolitical strategy for india modi in dubai
modi ji must have something in mind amp felt confident plugging this veiled warning but seems out of place
india, u.a.e. plan 75 billion fund as modi seeks investment the united arab ...
google m is marshmallow. don t know if its a code name while bhakts try to get it renamed as modi to prove he s so sweet.
namo also signaled he will go for pak occupied kashmir at d end of central asian tour. direct link
if modi is a hero...you are the hero s best trusted friend... you rock you are his backbone...
amazing gesture by modi in uae in abu dhabi
modi departs from dubai tonight itself, no overnight stay. arab sheikhs love 2 things. dont was to elaborate more on t
modi in dubai pm modi gave high doz to pakistan from dubai can we call it modi s telemedicine for pakistan?
pm modi meets uae pm, to discusses the trade, investment
i was really shock when a notification ping me and said namo followed you.... after came to know that its a smiley
funny scene while veterans are sitting on fast waiting for modi to return after his honeymoon with uae.
thanks for making a visit... we 2.5 million indians salute your visit! modi magic
how many of you watched prime minister naredra modi delivering his speech in uae. i personally felt after the 69...
u must convert to islam. polygamy is allowed sir. slap on modi police. i hope ur congi wife will not have probs with ur frnd.
modi hits sixes from dubai stadium and ball
falls in pakistan. modi in dubai
after swachh bharat, modi government to launch accesible india to help differently abled people
arab donated land for swaminarayan temple in uae jul 9, 2013, not on visit of pm modi .
clearly shows their underestimation of modi ji and over estimation of buddhu
breaking people chanting modi modi inside mosque r not just indian but mostly paki amp bangladeshis
akhand bharat to ho ja
modi doesnt visit masjid
congress see modi is communal.
modi visits masjid
congress see he is doing for political benefit.
i met 1000 bucks and will not be able to get half of the overseas modi speech venues filled namo in dubai
see face2of modi on islam
any religon evr teaches terrorsm?no
bt modi says islam terrorsm!
daffer pl ask modi to give me 5 lacs only as loan i
this is hilarious. the entire evening i was asked by diff indians to comment on pm modi s dubai speech. i didn t since i haven t seen it.
sir plz focus on developments which u ve done in ur tenure.modi n compny tryng to deviate u frm d main issue.
m is not modi, what s the use of having an indian ceo at google.
narendra modi offers 1 trillion investment opportunity to via
it was electrifying. full house people chanting modi modi
what s there for to debate with congress sp
short lived not coz he died, coz the aura he had of young, dynamic etc vanished quickly.modi s is more solid.
indian pm
we are investing already. can someone help get the bureaucracy out of the way? cc
it shows, proves that has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage secular politics modi in dubai
modi leaves dubai without dawood ... so much agony among the bhakts ..
modi extracts 75 bn investment pledge from uae but it s too early to celebrate after all, don t we know the ...
i am seeing a mini india before me right here in pm modi modi in dubai modi rocks in dubai
i agree. muslims and xtians dislike modi, hindus indians adore him
pm modi woos uae, says india has 1 trillion investment potential has been published on
abu dhabi dubai prime...
, , , pm narendra modi thanks uae for allotting plot for temple,
never utters hindu muslims, he addresses everyone as indian its the congress who always calls indians as...
new modi bhakt in the horizon!!!
btw just for records i am a modi admirer, certainly no comparison between the two, was only sheerly talking on...
what a strategic speech at uae modi jee has made it, as he understands the new world order a great leader of this era.
modi in dubai modi magic modi in uae ht
. were you listening to or mms? it depends on that!! if pm modi, then you must have understood unless you are....
pm modi s mosque diplomacy in uae politics heating up part 2
daffer if yhe credential of adani is good not requir
mr.modi is also facing a lot of pressure but still he s doing a fab job. learn smthing. don t breach trust
modi in dubai most successful abroad visit in most unlikely country..uae will have a temple and will invest 4.5 lakh crs..namo
remember journalists etongueressing worries about india s relation with the islamic countries if namo becomes pm modi in dubai
bhakt. they shud know the reality of ur modi s performance.
enjoy a cute baby panda! smiley
what a speech by namo
it s hard to salute modi.
modi hater spotted
modi will surpass srk in terms of twitter followers shortly
lalit modi brokering deal for sahara, arranging to sell its properties in us
a very nice gesture on part of pm modi to ask crowd to give standing ovation to crown prince for allotting land for temple
since he s chosen to block me, someone please send this link to on my behalf. thanks in advance!
modi departs from dubai tonight itself, no overnight stay. arab sheikhs love 2 things. dont want to elaborate more on this.
here you will definitely know once you enter pakistan or afghanistan. modi in dubai
modi is able to invigorate humanity and common sense among leaders of the world.
when says lekin kuch logo ko thodi takleef hoti hai .. gets confusd if he s talking about pakistan or con
modi did nt even spare sunny leone
the chest size he says he has is actually copied from sunny leone...
i am still spell bound and also know nation must be spell bound by today s pm namo speech
it is fake.
but what will happen to jobless aa ptards amp so called seculars? namo in dubai
modi departs from dubai tonight itself, no overnight stay. arab sheikhs love 2 things. dont want to elaborate more on
except who was watching pogo even skipped dinner n watched modi and now having constipation
pm modi left for india a short while ago. but here are the highlights of what he said in dubai
proud of in modi in dubai
centre cornered on , ... independence day jantar mantar ctags
modi addresses thousands of indian etongueats at dubai cricket stadium etribune, business
paid tweets for defaming modi.
ps one of my friend received this as a part of paid campaign
who moved the falafel? narendra modi s arabian adventure comes with a gujarati ... firstpost
we proud to be indian. now india is on top because of our pm great modi g. the real tiger of india.
no more seeking iran for oil if it happens
modi addresses thousands of indian etongueats at dubai cricket stadium etribune, sports
u are the one implying that modi has communalized etongueat population and painted an entire community as being communal
welcome home sir, it was an amazing speech!! we are thankful to uae government and modi ji for great job.
wat s the reason behind the 2 daytrip to dubai by modi.read
i hope modi government will implement this soon. one rank one pension
u r right. i was waiting 4 some announcement regarding welfare of people working there. grt anouncements. gud job done namo
to day was modi s day on twitter,saw overwhelming welcome by uae rulers,jam packed indian n arabs.2
interestingly all national news channels went exclusive for namo speech did no other news worth reporting happen today?
satan must be very pleased to see his son modi wandering unrestrained in arabia
aaptards r unhappy coz they fear that if dawood s activities get somewhat restricted coz of evil modi doval,it ll impact aap s funding
now that s called a world class leader....proud of our pm namo!!! u rocked sir!!!
just namo namo....... sickulars are running for burnol
our previous prime ministers inciting atal jee were noy as free as modi ji . had better things to do in india .
pm modi taking it by storm. uae commits 4.5 lac crores investment, provides land for temple. modi launches e migrate and maddad modi in dubai
hi baby digi, put 2 spectacles and see it.
modi in dubai , an old, but apt article
namo always true to principles. sacrificing hair by intentionally balding just to avoid having white top on head. true patriot. modi magic
it shows ur rotton m8nd only arnab may like it not others
50000 indians give standing ovation to uae for temple land prime minister narendra modi on monday got a cheer...
his highness or high highness?
modi modi everywhere on my tl.
modi is just fake sarkar he gets an opportunity to lie from ant corner.
sachin got a thunderous applause after his centuries in sharjah in 98, now it s modi s turn to get a fantastic response...
modi ji seems to have lost some weight. modi in dubai
so what would modi get from dubai duty free modi in dubai
if namo succeeds in making india a better country, dynastic rule ends forever. via
so how many sickulars and presstitutes got mini heart attacks after seeing all those muslims at modi ji s dubai event? modi in dubai tongue
modis selfie obsession continues at sheikh zayed grand mosque this time habibi
parivartan rally pm modi ji s rally tomorrow at 1pm in bihar. parivartan layega bihar
narendra modi in dubai is super exciting , bt being such a huge of fan of mr modi in mumbai is epic habibi !!
sonia will be cursing modi world taking attention of modi seriously
or your hate for modi has made to blind towards national pride
modi himself is a criminal, anyway i don t have sympathy for any terrorist.
aaptards r unhappy coz they fear that if dawood s activities get somewhat restricted coz of evil modi doval,it ll impact
a temple in uae, a world yoga day, modi s rockstar welcomes across the world means nothing to us. where are the promised b
what a speech modi sir..! modiin dubai
hahaha lmao , bhakts are super good in entertaining us
3novices 50,000 indians give standing ovation to uae for temple land prime minister narendra modi today got a chee
the rockstar!
well if modi has the balls and rss has the guts, ask them to go lok sabha. even delhi will take up that challenge then
infact during day also thinking whoever would take over from namo should be in under training by now to reach to his level
go around the world anywhere but the worst kind of politics u will find only in the incredible india. .
second face of modi on islam
no religon evr teaches terrorism.
but modi believes otherwise !!
says islam terrorsm!
modi handshake leaves workers speechless modi in dubai
aap in overdrive the moment modi speech ended. as usual, high on hatred, low on substance. they re worse than congress modi in
enthusiasm in people are not purchased by money who are witnessing modi out there....
amezing gesture toward pm modi. thanks.
friends cousins all over the globe reiterate ...he is over qualified to be an indian prime minister .
when modi says lekin kuch logon ko thodi takleef hoti hai ..congress gets confused if he is talking about pakistan or congr
brand modi outshines again. modi in uae
merhaba modi proud of efficacious pm taking india to the world!!
genuine question. no political affiliation implied. no sarcasm.
if not modi as the pm, who else and why?
parivartan rally pm modi ji s rally tomorrow at 1pm in bihar. parivartan layega bihar modi in dubai
in dubai, pm modi sends out strong message against terrorism
good to hear the speech given by narendra modi!
namo has touched each and every border whether it is nepal, bangladesh, maldives. relation with srilanka afghanistan
orop govt should bite the bullet.
modi govt getting cold feet ?
what the monsoon session tells us about modi and indian politics if you heard or read the prime minister s in...
prime minister narendra modi unleashes best performance by an indian in dubai cricket stadium new delhiprime...
pm modi is doing a great work. the momentum for india being build up across the world would translate into a lot of action. acche din
pm narendra modi leaves for delhi after a pathbreaking visit.
pm modi reaches out to the indian community in dubai, receives grand welcome via
modi addresses thousands of indian etongueats at dubai cricket stadium modi discusses cooperation with oil rich...
unless you respect yourself no one else would do.message from india to world, hail modi ji for aliving bharat integrity.jai ho
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae g...
the way modi ji works 24 7, youngsters half of his age can t match 1 4th of his energy. truly he is a divine personality!
thank you modi ji for appreciating aap govt.
in dubai, pm modi sends out strong message against terrorism pitching for a decisive battle against terrorism, p
modi will never speak on vyapam. the more media demonises shivraj the better it is for modi shah camp. internal politics is everything.
connection between bihar elections amp modi in dubai see the connection you bhakts. smiley
4.5 lakh crores investment for india
support for permanent membership in unsc.
liberals why namo ate gujarati thali in dubai?
modi kicks off uae visit with mosque tour in conciliatory gesture to muslims arab news via
is modi s birthday today?
this is hilarious. the entire evening i was asked by diff indians to comment on pm modi s dubai speech. i didn t since i hav
it shows, proves that has revived the spirit of nationalism in a depressed people oppressed by sabotage secular pol
but actually modi by his feku actions proved it that poverty is state of mind
farmers
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae governme... over.
pm thanks uae for allotting plot for temple prime minister narendra modi today thanked the uae g... make in india
mr. modi modified the definition of pm. proud to have him our leader. he has taken india to the path of progress amp prosperity. modi in dubai
i wish someone would tell mr modi the effectiveness of soft power is inversely proportional to the amount you brag about it
oye madam you are a confirmed traitor? you seem to be crying about modi s assault on pak? are you paid or blackmailed?
modi just finished his one of the path breaking visit of uae whereas pm sahab is making sure he doesn t runs out...
just think abt d moral boost which d indians in dubai have felt after na mo electrifying speech
pappu so duffer is a confused person. u r absolutely right
modi charisma here there everywhere .....we r proud to hv u as pm
if you say india is not growing under pm modi,then you are blind,get eye treatment quickly
modi in dubai out o complex zig saw puzzle o contradictions,modi pieced together common strands india uae relations, built a solid platform
thousands of indians in roar approval through pm modis speech
modi in dubai? biharis actually defeated brits in anglo afghan war gods soldiers , of bihari gulf migrants? bihar elections? paranoia
if you don t like modi, please go to pakistan. if you like modi, please come to san jose.
modi is for the people, but those are nri people.
appreciates modi ji event manager for the show. money is spent like water but picture is good.
people pay to listen to modi . awaiting for his speech in bay area, usa.
liberals why namo ate gujarati thali
modi s speeches are not even funny anymore. modi in dubai
they are all congressi in hidden identity to defame bjp amp modi. wait! lemme upload my picture lol
prime minister narendra modi waves to supporters during his address to the indian diaspora in dubai cricket ground..
we love sultan crown and our pm.modi ji..thank u so much sir hh for trust indians..thank u so.much for temple
cmon! we ve all read the stuff before modi was pm, lets not pretend.
when modi ji saw krk in audience modi in dubai
when modi speaks, tavleen gets orgasm!!!
gud speech...
i saw speech, you are not just modi fying india, you are redefining the world to be a best place to live in! we are with you.
pm modi is welcome to make frequent and impromptu visits abroad and make foreign trips. wish he speak up in parliament more often.
thanks to narendra modi for glorious visit of uae........
modi in dubai pm modi addresses the indian community at dubai cricket stadium via
tough stand on terrorism. without mentioning pakistan not even single time. dawood ko bhi ishaara diya. namo u rocks
unmatchable, unstoppable, unavoidable amp invincible that is present indian pm narendrabhai damodardas modi..
my dubai artists dream comes true as he meets his muse and hero modi
modi ji rock it yr..
dtn india time for decisive battle against terrorism pm narendra modi pitching for a decisive battle ag...
every time congress tries to dig a grave for narendra modi...
rahul gandhi jumps into it!
united states, china,france, germany,china uae and world over it s modi wave, surely by 2030 india
photo united states, china,france, germany,china uae and world over its modi wave, surely by 2030 india...
etn time for decisive battle against terrorism pm narendra modi pitching for a decisive battle against t...
adarsh liberals different poses after modi in uae visit .
time for decisive battle against terrorism pm narendra modi pitching for a decisive battle against terro...
time for decisive battle against terrorism pm narendra modi
modi in dubai marhaba namo now admit 2 things 1 an indian pm can earn respect globally.2 the so called minority fear on modi is a media hoax
modi is here for energy signatures of you know what i mean and it s crystal clear !
modi ji is always rocking..
there are paid campaigns to project modi s image as well..
good acting
speech by our prime minister narendra modi in dubai in front of 70000 peoples 45 minutes of performance hats of to him modi rocks in dubai!
pakistan daily killing innocent indians. modi busy running nri circus in dubai. modi in dubai
pm modi thanks the crown prince and other leaders of the united arab emirates for their warmth and affection
dubai cricket stadium has so far hosted 17 odi amp 1 modi
these transgression occur because lac isn t clearly marked in that area. is modi responsible for that too ?
the overflowing amount of enthusiasm and hope, modi injects is like amazing. true leader. modi in dubai
modi will never speak on vyapam. the more media demonises shivraj the better it is for modi shah camp. internal politi
well said ! he is modi the great
modi for sure atleast getting monies to india
pm modi talks tough on terrorism says samajhne wale samajh jayenge in an indirect reference to pakistan, prim...
investment to buy pakistan or usa.. ??? silence pls.. will hav to wait till namo speaks next time..
every indian s pm .. no religious breakout ..
the guy in front was chanting modi modi,almost jumping off his seat namo in dubai
terrorism, uae investment in india, digs at pak key takeaways from pm modis dubai s...
sry i thought you were criticising namo
terrorism, uae investment in india, digs at pak key takeaways from pm modis dubai speech
modi in uae 5 ways in which pm modi received a fancy welcome fyi, news india today
modi because of his low profile speeches cause lost of grace of indiam pm.
modi ji s visit to the emirates will be an ultimate success if the govt there confiscates dawood ibrahim s assets. modi in dubai
congrats !
while modi is taking selfies and serving tea lol!
in spite of assurance by modi ji blackmail tactics by some disgruntled aap supporter s
pm modi is welcome to make frequent and impromptu visits abroad and make foreign trips. wish he speak up in parliament
modi in dubai this night when na mo leaves dubai, people would feel someone dear from home has gone after gifting lot of hope and smiles.
waiting for my non existing girl friend to serve me the similar dish.
dear modi visiting the grand mosque in abudhabi doesn t require him to wear skull cap. its always open to people
india, uae agree to crack down on terrorism modi takes dig atpak
wow, johnny boy is back on twitter pounding sand,after watching modi rock dubai.
we could ask this asshole to prove his allegation pf billions spent! but then, he is an asshole!!!
tom vaddakkan ji if modi ji can become biggest event manager why ur party cannot. the answer u know well
seriously, first time i m seeing so much positivity from atkeadt few journalists on modi, good for nation
one who tweeted it, deleted it.
you ppl did a great job. gave the opportunity to listen to namo from horrorb. thanks a lot. namasthe
pappu gone for yoga
not in himalaya
modi gone dubai for battle of bihar
note thought not concern with congres intellectuals!
superb speech by our pm and make us feel proud to have such electrifying pm like modi..... he rocks, we rock
ok , u didn t miss much... saved ur time smiley
india s greatest rockstar pm ever narendra modi does a madison square again in dubai. unbeatable.
impressive speech! the more you burn with your hatred towards modi, the more he shines worldwide. modi in dubai
modi thundered today. loved him. his vision.
pappu also has the same energy for watching chota bheem 247365. can namo beat him ?
modi addresses thousands of indian etongueats at dubai cricket stadium etribune
sir .. it was such an awesome n inspiring speech .. as always .. namo rocks ..!
read my satire article
narendra modi s political opponents are bad. they like terrorists, hate india
spons
it s all about, how you sell yourself? modi in uae modi indias pride
it s an another proof of modi wave dubai cricket ground....ofcourse modi factor works everywhere don t remember he is
aaptards are waiting for 15000 per person from black money
pm modi talks tough on terrorism, etongueresses joy over uae s support for india s permanent membership in the unsc
modi has no knowledge amp speaks like dustbin. mms visited gulf thrice oman and qatar in nov 2008 amp saudi arabia in feb 20
no modi is just responsible for hyperbole and muh tod jawab in speeches and trolling mms earlier for same. my bad.
wswtchig modi g spech dubaiaftr tat wtchd ndtv 2newchutiadebatig with dogravish takig nthig new in modi spch?pm visit tuk34 yrs is it old
no different from rw hardliners and modi bhakts like you and others who are tweeting in a coordinated manner. well played.
dear , best not to editorialise headlines without context.
pm modi hard statement on terrorism reminds one of george bush saying, you re either with us, or against us .
so tn amp punjab govts work under ? ur blind wth hatred fr modi! need2do sum meditation!
our deepest condolences with modi haters in these difficult times modi in dubai
i wait for modi s next speech..or next foreign trip
after the speech at dubai.
the land for swaminarayan temple in abu dhabi was donated in 2013 and not on request or a gesture for modi modi in dubai modi in uae
today,prime minister speech in uae was mindblowing.salute u modi g.
u done a great job maa m bfore dis tweet u known only 4 sunanda tharoor murder mystery but now u get famous.thanks to modi hai na
modi in dubai if modi ji realy did something bed for muslims how did he get such huge amount for invest,love and lots of respect frm dubai
bjp4tamilnadu isupportnamo pm modi talks about schemes like madad and e migrate at the dubai cricket stadium narendramodi
modi model of developing india!
ok world!!
sachin is sachin amp
modi is modi
no comparisons please!!!
modi in dubai marhaba namo now admit 2 things 1 an indian pm can earn respect globally.2 the so called minority fear on modi
pm narendra modi on india uae joint statement denouncing state sponsored terrorism via ani news
india s government censorship since his election in may 2014, prime minister narendra modi has trumpeted indi...
sri modi is the grater mane
west bengal had the same problem. that s why didi. i am no pro or anti modi. sad we don t have anyone anywhere closer to him.
haha, btw, modi today called india a young antion, meaning he also sees india as it is since 1947 tongue
pm modi etongueresses joy over the joint statement between india and the uae says it will foster ties in times to come
is malini p of the hindu or may be an aaptard running this hilarious handle?
time for decisive battle against terror narendra modi august 18, 2015 at 05 01am
you guys are thinking of ordinary overseas indians. think she is talking about lalit modi
dear political leaders of kerala...here is the university for u..namo .learn from him..
modi ministry will nsa level talks with pakistan be held on coffins of innocents, congress asks pm modi
aye. sorry, i won t. just fyi, there are agencies who pay heavily to tweet in favour of modi ji amp against rahul kejriwal too.
agree with you modi
modi in dubai pm issues veiled warning to pakistan over terror in a thinly veiled barb against pakistan, pri...
you r under estimating modi..!
and when sonia ignores tavleen gets depression...
haha, btw, modi today called india a young nation, meaning he also sees india as it is since 1947 tongue
modi in dubai twitter reacts to prime minister narendra modi s speech
when i was selling tea,couldnt get even one rupee modi 2 indian diaspora
even a tea cant be bought with one rupee nowadays modi in dubai
how much were the tickets to modi sharjah cup ?? modi in dubai
no one can deny modi followers or haters all have followed his every speech as pm, like no other leader in the country post independence??
but modi believes otherwise
modi speech de rhe hai ya football cricket ka match live dikha rhe hai...???
confused
2 big achievements of modi ji
1 properties of dawood to be siezed in dubai
2 uae backs india s permanent seat at unsc. smiley modi in dubai
there s a phrase that teens use. it s ugly, but it tells it like it is to people who hate youse well jell, bruv. namo in dubai
revealed pm s mission dawood in uae
mohammed receives indian pm modi his highness sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, vice president an...
very well said but she is also a certified modi bhakt
modi s proved again he s a popular leader among nri. someone like him? can anyone frm pakistan afford 2 address
modi mere pm hain tere papa hoge toh pata nahi, hope u atleast know who ur papa is.
and once a said modi can become pm if only elections are held on twitter fb modi in dubai
modi in dubai only pm modi can do what happened in dubai, money can by people but can inject enthusiasm it is a big slap on who hate modi.
dis is wat aapis n congressis r doing while modi is making india proud all over the world. modi in dubai
even modi likes flat pitches modi in dubai
this is pleasure to listen modi ji
west bengal had the same problem. that s why didi. i am no pro or anti modi. sad we don t have anyone anyw
uae will invest over 70 billion in india. modi s uae visit is even bigger success than his visit to china, usa or japan. modi in dubai
pm modi loses his amp mental balance amp when he goes abroad, says congress yahoo news india
modi in dubai love him or hate him....namo rules the entire indian landscape. his only msg....feel proud to be an indian
i will not be surprised if shri narendra modi ji will be nominated amp even win the nobel prize for peace due to...
harishchandra retweeted
rocking modi ji modi in dubai
modi tells the world to take a stand on terror, he himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in one year modi in dubai
narendra modi promotes yoga in china through his weibo social media account
seats behind modi were empty and bhakts are claiming whole stadium was full
he is modi
after seeing this picture, can you talk that modi is not for favour of muslim. only misunderstanding in muslims.
pm modi indulges in selfie diplomacy at sheikh zayed grand mosque modi in dubai
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin new delhi prime sps
uae also got modi fied..
125 crore indians are not a market but they are a source of great strength, pm modi says in uae via
pm modi s well intentioned statements cannot be restricted to rhetoric only. actions needs to match intention. ns atalks
you guys are thinking of ordinary overseas indians. think she is talking abou
tomorow, it will be a great day 4 india. pm modi wil tour india. will sign mous with indian pm and land for mosque. historic. modi in india
implementation is often the biggest roadblock. let us how the modi and kejriwal governments coordinate this.
hope cong will support pm modi on terrorism...
the large etongueat meeting modi in arab is nothing to cherish.. it indicates how indians are economically enslaved and squeezed
wswtchig modi g spech dubaiaftr tat wtchd ndtv 2newchutiadebatig with dogravish takig nthig new in modi spch?pm visit t
hate him all you want. modi stands tall and proud wherever he goes. modi in dubai
salute u sir.
he spoke about nations saying good taliban bad taliban good terrorism bad terrorism etc... hope pak got the message
how much more shallow can adarshlibs go to trivialise namo? mms was not even a shadow of namo!!
article by yes, there are two power centers and one does not want modi to succeed.
modi ji is only person who can take selfie in a mosque so for me he is undisputed king of selfie in the whole world.
there is an immediate potential for 1 trillion investment in india, pm modi says in uae. tap for live updates via
terrorism, uae investment in india, digs at pak key takeaways from pm modi s dubai speech
pm modi uses dubai speech to send out strong message against terrorism strong message wont find terror same as pm slogans dont build jobs
really impressed by pm modi s speech in dubai. talks about investment, terrorism had a high value
very gracious indeed !
2 uae backs india s permanent seat at unsc. smiley
dear apptards..... here are some current picture.... the pic you upload is backside of modi ji.... u poor morons
me in 2014 chetan bhagat! what a cool guy! suppo s modi, writes in simple english! i chetan
me in 2015 dil mera
paki pigs will make noise tomarrow as they got message from modi ab tum logo ki kehke lunga
. because mms was an inefficient pm under sonia s control! modi is the real pm. the people s pm
namo agreed in principle with soudis that dawood ibrahim can be ceo of arab investment cos infamous rss linkd d companies !!
modi baiters can cry hoarse but the fact is, is india s best etongueort to the world amp ppl are hungry for more
real result of modi s 15 months slump in corporate earnings to continue
modi in dubai modi g yr independance speech was good bt today u blast. true statesmanm , a brave leader. hats of u. u rocks
looking forward like anything to namo s selfie at burj khalifa
congress is offended with all these facts pm modi has stated today, we are not. modi in uae
me in 2013 give modi just five years! only five! just five! five!
me in 2015 guys did you know 5 x 5 25. interesting
sikular media...connecting modi at mozque and bihar election...what else to etongueect...pappustan times
this type of paid criticism is wrong no matter who is the target.
modi tells the world to take a stand on terror, he himself failed to take a stand on pak terror, so many flip flops in
exam reform doesnt need parl. wy doesnt do something abt it asks . time s running out.
i must admit if india goes in2 war, modi can inspire a lazy like me to sit up and participate in the battlefield hands on!!
thats very true.
world today even uno in search of a strong leader amp pm modi destined for the task.
ndtv nagaland factions enabled to come into mainstream pm modi in dubai
cong gifted away air india s air routes to uae carriers.will modi reverse it?
modi is received by sheikh zaid and 5 princes at the airport. do our pms and presidents get the same protocol? just ask
abhijit visit bhavnagar,jamnagar amp rajkot to knowtrue modi amp 15 yrs rule crafted policies with help of media.mafia masses
what an atmosphere in dubai marhaba modi
india today modi s chhutti kar doonga moment will get rid of terrorism like this modi in dubai
modi said bharat is full of powerful youths cong manmohan said india is full of poverty .cong corruption modi super
vk singh raised tatra truck scam! now modi govt is in full majority! will vk singh let us know what is status on that?!
i forgive narendra modi. he has got rs 4.25 lakh crore into the indian economy and no prime minister has done that in 34 years. indian.
goodbye uae. pm narendra modi leaves for delhi after a pathbreaking visit
stopped following , women really thinks indian history began in may 2014 !
hence no more modi fied tweets !
modi has always respected the tradition of foreign countries. now waiting for him to drive a lamborghini with a tiger accompanying him.
kunj desai dna modi in dubai twitter reacts to prime minister narendra modi s speech
lalit modis name figures in sahara sebi case subrata roys son had orally asked mr. modi for help in
in media s opinion, modi has gotten every country he visited to invest in india after impressing them in one bloody visi
3 2
respect at all in the eyes of arabs.these lazy faced leader with no vision,can t compete screwed modi
terrorism and riots are coexist . ji what about gujarath 2002 riots. why you are not serious about it.
cant stop my laugh
saw modi ji s speech?? hw did u fine it?
for those who crib about tv channels taking modi live feed must be day to die in their own sweat modi in dubai
this is history...this is not a cricket match its a welcome by people in uae for shri narendra modi. indian...
except who was watching pogo even skipped dinner n watched modi and now ha
and once a said modi can become pm if only elections are held on twitter fb modi in dubai s
modi in uae after a long silence in parliament session at last modi got a platform to speak and he spoke 1.5 hours without break.
modi critics complained, looked east, looked west but ignored the islamic world. that perception defeated. modi in dubai modi in uae
hubby cant do it now bcoz it is namo raj now, not cong raj like then.
priya menon west bengal had the same problem. that s why didi. i am no pro or anti modi. sad we don t have anyone
dada are you talking about nrindra modi ?
pahuch jayegi, today... h
wid modi s speech in dubai wl go mummy amp wl play his master s voice congrts
scary moment for all modi fans! he has wooed the isis and the talibans! modi in dubai
pm narendra modi one of the most viewed ceos in india linkedin namo namo
it s an another proof of modi wave.... ...modi wave works everywhere don t forget he is
after modi speech
i m prime minister of bangladesh not president
